The National Privacy Commission ('NPC') issued, on 12 August 2020, a statement reiterating that the Data Privacy Act of 2012 (Republic Act No. 10173) ('the Data Privacy Act') is not a hinderance to contact tracing initiatives, highlighting that the Data Privacy Act seeks to protect individuals from discrimination, harassment, and acts of social vigilantism amid the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic. In particular, the NPC clarified that the Data Privacy Act does not prevent hospitals from sharing a patient's data to proper authorities. In addition, the NPC noted that hospitals are mandated to collect information from patients and provide it to the authorities under the guidelines set by the Department of Health. Moreover, the NPC stated that it has provided public health emergency bulletings and advisory opinions as guidance for personal information controllers, especially healthcare providers.

You can read the press release here.The Government Accountability Office ('GAO') released, on 11 August 2020, its report ('the Report') on privacy and accuracy issues related to the commercial use of facial recognition technology. In particular, the Report examines, among other things, how companies use facial recognition technology, the varying degrees of accuracy across demographic groups, and how privacy issues are addressed in laws and industry practices. Specifically, the Report finds, among other things, that although the accuracy of facial recognition technology has increased, differences in performance exist for certain demographic groups, and with respect to privacy, the main concerns are that individuals are unable to remain anonymous in public, technology is used without individuals' consent, and such technology may collect or store facial images which poses additional risks. As such, the Report reiterates recommendations made in previous reports, suggesting that the U.S. Congress should consider strengthening the consumer privacy framework to reflect changes in technology and the marketplace.

You can read the press release here and the Report here.Law No. 52/2020 ('the Law') on the STAYAWAY COVID system ('STAYAWAY') was published, on 11 August 2020, in the Government Gazette following its approval by the Council of Ministers on 23 July 2020. In particular, Article 1 of the Law outlines that the Law establishes the data controller and regulates the physician's intervention in the STAYAWAY COVID system. In addition, Article 2 of the Law outlines that STAYAWAY must respect the European and national legislation applicable to the protection of personal data, namely the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') and Law No. 58/2019 and other applicable legislation.

Moreover, the Law outlines that the Directorate-General for Health ('DGS') is the entity responsible for processing data for STAYAWAY COVID, under the terms of its legal powers, for the purposes of European and national legislation applicable to the protection of personal data.

You can read the Law, only available in Portuguese, here.Ordinance No. 283 of 10 August 2020 ('the Ordinance') was published, on 11 August 2020, in the Official Journal of the Union, appointing Luiz Gustavo Meira Homrich as the data protection officer ('DPO') of the National Supplementary Health Agency of the Ministry of Health. The Ordinance specifies that, in his capacity as DPO, Homrich will act as the designated point of contact between the data controller, the data subjects, and the Brazilian data protection authority ('ANPD').

You can read the Ordinance, only available in Portuguese, here.The Greek Supreme Court issued, on 15 July 2020, a judgment on data controllers' obligation to inform data subjects about the processing of their data by banks and the subsequent transfer of their data to debt collection societies. In particular, the plaintiff had taken a loan from the Bank EFG Eurobank A.E. and, further to their delay in repaying the loan, Eurobank transferred the plaintiff's personal data, including the amount of their debt, their name and telephone number, to Eurobank Remedial Services without previously informing them about such transfer. More specifically, Eurobank argued that, by completing an application for a loan, the plaintiff had been informed and had given their clear consent to the processing of their personal data by Eurobank as well as to the disclosure of such data to companies collaborating with Eurobank. The Supreme Court noted that, while the plaintiff was previously informed about the transfer of its data to debt collection societies and Eurobank Remedial Services was not a debt collection society, by providing this information to the plaintiff through the loan application, Eurobank had satisfied the requirements of Article 11 on the right to be informed of Law No. 2472/1997, which was the pre- General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') law. Thus, the Supreme Court ruled in favour of Eurobank.

You can read the judgment, only available in Greek, here.The Court of Appeal (Civil Division) ('the Court of Appeal') issued, on 11 August 2020, its judgment in R (on the application of Edward Bridges) (Appellant) v The Chief Constable of South Wales Police (Respondent) & others [2020] EWCA Civ 1058, overturning the previous decision of the High Court of Justice. In particular, the Court of Appeal ruled that the High Court erred in concluding that South Wales Police's ('SWP') interference with Bridges' rights under Article 8(1) of the European Convention on Human Rights ('ECHR') was in accordance with the law under Article 8(2) of the ECHR. Specifically, the Court of Appeal held that although the legal framework comprised primary legislation (Data Protection Act 2018 ('the Act')), secondary legislation (the Surveillance Camera Code of Practice), and local policies promulgated by SWP, there was no clear guidance on where the specific type of the automated facial recognition technology could be used and who could be put on a watchlist.

As a result, the Court of Appeal held that this was too broad a discretion to afford to the police officers to meet the standard required by Article 8(2) of the ECHR. In addition, the Court of Appeal held that the SWP failed to provide an adequate Data Protection Impact Assessment ('DPIA'), as required under Section 64 of the Act, and found that as the DPIA was written on the basis that Article 8 was not infringed, the DPIA was deficient.

You can read the order here, the press summary here, and the judgment here.

UPDATE (11 August 2020)

ICO welcomes Court of Appeal's judgment

The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') issued, on 11 August 2020, a statement, welcoming the Court of Appeal's judgment which provides clarification on the police use of live facial recognition technology in public places. In particular, the ICO stated that the judgment is a useful step towards providing a clear legal framework relating to how the police use surveillance technology.

You can read the statement here.The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ('FINRA') announced, on 10 August 2020, along with the Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC') and the Commodities and Futures Trading Commission ('CFTC') enforcement action totalling $38M for anti-money laundering ('AML') failures against Interactive Brokers LLC. In particular, FINRA stated that it had fined Interactive Brokers $15 million for widespread failures in the firm's AML program and noted that part of the settlement - the FINRA Letter of Acceptance, Waiver and Consent ('the FINRA AWC') - requires Interactive Brokers to certify that it will implement the recommendations of a third-party consultant to remedy the failures.

In addition, the SEC Order finds that Interactive Brokers violated the financial recordkeeping and reporting provision of the federal securities laws and a related SEC rule and, as a result, fines Interactive Brokers $11.5 million. Finally, the CFTC action charging Interactive Brokers $11.5 million for a violation of Regulation 42.2. (requiring registrants to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970) marks the first enforcement action of its kind.

Jessica Hopper, FINRA Executive Vice President and Head of Enforcement, stated, "Today's action is a reminder that member firms must tailor their AML programs to the firms' business model and customer base, and also dedicate resources to programs commensurate with their growth and business lines. FINRA will continue to take steps to ensure that firms comply with their obligation to monitor for, detect and report suspicious activity."

You can read the FINRA press release here and the FINRA AWC here, the SEC press release here and SEC Order here, and the CFTC press release here.The Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman announced, on 11 August 2020, that the Deputy Data Protection Ombudsman ('the Deputy Ombudsman'), had ordered Euroclear Finland Oy to modify its shareholder register disclosure activities to ensure compliance with data protection requirements. In particular, the Deputy Ombudsman noted that the company was disclosing, via telephone and for direct marketing purposes, information obtained from a shareholder register of limited companies and cooperatives and highlighted that, as Euroclear independently decided upon the disclosure of the data, it constituted a controller instead of a processor. In addition, the Deputy Ombudsman held that the use of the telephone was not one of the lawful methods for disclosing information of shareholders and, thus, the processing was not fair as required by the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). Moreover, the Deputy Ombudsman considered that Euroclear had a duty to inform data subjects about the disclosure of data for direct marketing purposes, and that merely mentioning direct marketing on a website is not sufficient to ensure that the data subjects have exercised their right to object to the processing of personal data for direct marketing. Therefore, the Deputy Ombudsman ordered Euroclear to change its shareholder register disclosure practices to ensure compliance with data protection requirements.

You can read the announcement here and the Deputy Ombudsman's decision here, both only available in Finnish.The Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC') announced, on 6 August 2020, that World Acceptance Corporation ('WAC'), had agreed to pay $21.7 million to resolve charges that it had violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 1977 ('FCPA'). In particular, the SEC Order ('the Order') states that, from at least December 2010 to June 2017, WAC's former Mexican subsidiary made bribes totalling $4 million to Mexican government and union officials to secure the ability to make loans to government employees and ensure that said loans were paid in a timely manner. Furthermore, the Order details that WAC's subsidiary lacked internal accounting controls sufficient to detect or prevent the payments of such bribes and that the management lacked the appropriate tone in relation to internal audit and compliance. Moreover, in the Order, it is specified that WAC has consented to the Order, which requires WAC to cease and desist from violating the anti-bribery, books and records and internal controls provisions of the FCPA.

You can read the press release here and the Order here.The Danish data protection authority ('Datatilsynet') announced, on 10 August 2020, that it had updated its guidance ('the Guidance') on records of processing activities under Article 30 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, Datatilsynet highlighted that the Guidance has been updated to clarify that a list of processing activities must state which categories of data subjects the information in question relates to, and must additionally contain a clear link between the categories of personal data processed and the individual categories of data subjects concerned. In addition, the Guidance outlines that if personal data is or will be disclosed in connection with a processing activity, the list must also contain information about which categories of personal data are or will be disclosed to the recipient in question.

You can read the press release here and the Guidance here, both only available in Danish.The Federal Financial Monitoring Service of the Russian Federation ('Rosfinmonitoring') announced, on 5 August 2020, that it had entered into a cooperation agreement with the Deposit Insurance Agency in order to increase the efficiency of cooperation in the anti-money laudering ('AML') sphere. In particular, the cooperation agreement involves the exchange of information and work experience, as well as the development of teaching materials, programs, and recommendations to prevent violations of national legislation.

You can read the press release here.The Italian data protection authority ('Garante') issued, on 10 August 2020, a statement, on the use of contact tracing apps by public authorities and private companies during COVID-19 ('Coronavirus'). In particular, Garante highlighted that Coronavirus does not in itself constitute a sufficient legal basis for the processing of personal data. In addition, Garante emphasised that only processing which has its legal basis in a provision of national law is legitimate, whereas any other processing aimed at contact tracing is not an adequate legal basis, and is therefore, carried out in violation of European and national legislation on the protection of personal data.

You can read the statement, only available in Italian, here.The Telecommunications Regulatory Authority ('TRA') published, on 10 August 2020, guidelines ('the Guidelines') for internet service providers aiming to provide them with guidelines and recommendations to achieve a coordinated transition from IPv4 to IPv6. In particular, the Guidelines note that all new IP based services, such as cloud computing and data centres, within the private and public sector, should be able to run IPv6 protocols with immediate effect, and that certain security measures must be implemented. More specifically, with regards to security, the Guidelines propose the use of network security equipment, including firewalls, of Internet Protocol Security ('IPSec') to authenticate and provide confidentiality to assets, as well as the implementation of a security assessment to identify vulnerabilities.

You can read the Guidelines here.The University of Maryland Faculty Physicians, Inc. ('FPI') and the University of Maryland Medical Center ('UMMC') notified, on 24 July 2020, the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services' Office for Civil Rights ('OCR'), of a data breach affecting 33,896 patients, which the OCR is now investigating. In particular, the FPI and UMMC noted that they had discovered the unauthorised access of an FPI email account which contained identifiable personal and/or protected health information of certain patients, including name, date of birth, medical record number used for internal purposes, clinical information about care received, as well as a limited number of individuals' social security numbers. In addition, the FPI and UMMC outlined that they have no indication that personal information was misused, but highlighted that they have notified affected individuals, and are reviewing their email policies and procedures to enhance security.

You can access details on the OCR notification here, and read the press release here.The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ('the Basel Committee') released, on 6 August 2020, a Consultative Document ('the Document') on principles for operational risk and operational resilience. Particularly, the Document highlights the critical role played by banks in the global financial systems and details operational risks such as pandemics, cyber incidents, and technology failures. Furthermore, the Document outlines that banks should manage their dependencies on relationships, including those with, but not limited to, third parties or intra-group entities, for the delivery of critical operations. In addition, the Document notes that banks should ensure resilient information communication technology including cybersecurity that is subject to protection, detection, response, and recovery programmes that are regularly tested.

Comments to the Document should be submitted here by 6 November 2020.

You can read the press release here and the Document here.The Data Standards Authority ('DSA') published, on 7 August 2020, summaries of metadata standards and guidance on how to implement them to improve data sharing across the government. In particular, the standards constitute the first deliverable of the DSA, the authority responsible for cross-government data standardisation which is led by the Government Digital Service, and include best practices for sharing comma-separated values ('CSV') files. Firstly, the standard on using metadata to describe data shared within government discusses using the Dublin Core schema when sharing tabular data, like CSV files and spreadsheets, between government departments. Secondly, the standard on using metadata to describe tabular data for publishing recommends using the schema.org standard on data set to describe the contents of a CSV file, spreadsheet or other file type containing data to be published. Thirdly, the standard on using metadata to describe CSV data offers guidance using the CSV on the Web standard to add metadata to describe the contents and structure of CSV data files.

In addition, the guidance on record information about data sets to be shared with others addresses using metadata to facilitate the cataloguing, validation, reuse and sharing of data. Lastly, the guidance on publishing tabular data covers adding metadata to data being published so that search engines can find the data and display structured results for users.

You can read the press release here and access the standards and guidance here.The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') published, on 3 August 2020, a monetary penalty notice in which it fined Rain Trading Ld £80,000 under the Data Protection Act 1998 for making, between 1 January 2018 and 29 November 2018, 270,774 unsolicited direct marketing calls to subscribers registered with Telephone Preference Service Ltd ('TPS') without valid consent, in violation of regulation 21 of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 ('PECR'). In particular, the ICO outlined that it had sent, on 8 January 2019, an initial investigation letter to RTL, to which it responded, among other things, that it had purchased the data for direct marketing purposes under contract from two third party data providers, that consent was not recorded, and that any due diligence checks were thought to have been carried out by the third party data providers. Furthermore, the ICO noted that RTL had intended to implement measures including options for recording consent, staff training and software to allow TPS-screening.

In assessing the contraventions, the ICO highlighted that it did not consider that RTL deliberately set out to contravene the PECR, however that it should have been aware of its responsibilities regarding due diligence and taking reasonable steps to prevent such violations. In calculating the monetary penalty, the ICO consider factors such as RTL ceasing its live marketing calls, complaints received to the ICO and the TPS as well as the lack of any internal suppression list to stop repeated calls to the same subscribers. As a result, the ICO issued a monetary penalty notice of £80,000 to be paid by 3 September 2020 at the latest and which can be reduced by 20% to £64,000 if paid by 2 September 2020 to promote compliance with the PECR.

You can read the monetary penalty notice here.OneTrust DataGuidance confirmed, on 10 August 2020, with the Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO'), that it is investigating Barclays regarding its employee monitoring tools. In particular, an ICO spokesperson said, "We have an ongoing investigation relating to Barclays' alleged use of employee monitoring tools."

More specifically, the spokesperson outlined, "People expect that they can keep their personal lives private and that they are also entitled to a degree of privacy in the workplace [...] If organisations wish to monitor their employees, they should be clear about its purpose and that it brings real benefits. Organisations also need to make employees aware of the nature, extent and reasons for any monitoring."The European Commission ('the Commission') and the U.S. Department of Commerce ('DoC') issued, on 10 August 2020, a joint statement announcing that they had initiated discussions to evaluate the potential for an enhanced EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework to comply with the Court Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the Commission and the DoC recognised the vital importance of data protection in the EU and the US, as well as the significance of cross-border data transfers to their citizens and economies. In addition, the Commission and the DoC noted their shared commitment to privacy and the rule of law, as well as to further deepening their economic relationship.

You can read the joint statement on the Commission's website here and on the DoC's website here.The Norwegian data protection authority ('Datatilsynet') announced, on 10 August 2020, that it had issued an order ('the Order') to the International Baccalaureate Organization ('IBO') in relation to the grading of students based on historical data about former students. In particular, Datatilsynet highlighted that the IB grades were not correct because they did not reflect individual academic ability, thereby leading to discrimination, and that the processing was not in line with the reasonable expectations of data subjects, thus contradicting the fairness principle of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In addition, Datatilsynet noted that the processing taking place through this grading system may lead to denial of opportunities for students and that, in this case, it has adversely affected students in an undue and unjustifiable manner. On this basis, Datatilsynet gave the IBO the opportunity to submit its comments to the Order by 14 August 2020 and stated that, following these comments, a final decision will be taken.

You can read the announcement, only available in Norwegian, here and the Order here.The British Dental Association ('BDA') suffered, on 30 July 2020, a data breach, as a result of a sophisticated cyberattack. In particular, the BDA announced that, as a result of the breach, it took some of its systems offline, including their website, with its IT team rebuilding its systems on a new network, thus removing the risk of the malware responsible for this attack. In addition, the BDA noted that, at present, it is unsure what information has been compromised, although current evidence suggests that the data extracted relates to a very small snapshot of the total data stored on its servers. Moreover, the BDA stated that the Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') has been informed of the breach, and outlined steps that members of the BDA can take as a precaution, including updating passwords regularly and remaining vigilant to changes in their bank account, although investigations have revealed that redirecting bank transfers and standing orders was not the objective of this attack.

You can read the announcement here.The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ('OCC') announced, on 6 August 2020, that it had issued an $80 million civil penalty against Capital One, N.A., and Capital One Bank (USA), N.A. In particular, the OCC highlighted that the fine relates to Capital One's failure to implement effective risk assessment processes before migrating significant information technology operations to a public cloud environment as well as not correcting the deficiencies in a timely manner. In addition, the OCC outlined that the deficiencies identified were not compliant with 12 C.F.R. Part 30, Appendix B, 'Interagency Guidelines Establishing Information Security Standards' and that sound risk management and internal controls procedures are essential for banks to adequately protect consumers and for the safety of bank operation.

You can read the press release here.

UPDATE (11 August 2020)

FRB issues cease and desist order against Capital One

The Federal Reserve Board ('FRB') issued, on 6 August 2020, a cease and desist order against Capital One ('the Order'). In particular, the FRB highlighted that the Order was a result of the data breach suffered by Capital One in March 2019 involving the personal information of Capital One credit card customers and applicants for credit card products.

You can read the Order here.The China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission ('CBIRC') issued, on 5 August 2020, a fine of CNY 1 million (approx. €121,900) on the Bank of Communications Co., Ltd Pacific ('Bocomm') for failures to provide protection to personal data of customers. In particular, the CBIRC clarified in its decision that Bocomm had failed to provide adequate protection to personal data of customers and had mismanaged its outsourcing of customer credit card information collection.

You can read the CBIRC's decision, only available in Chinese, here.The Federal Communications Commission ('FCC') announced, on 5 August 2020, that FCC Commissioner, Geoffrey Starks, had send letters to AT&T Inc. and Verizon Communications inquiring into their practices of aggregation and monetisation of sensitive consumer data. In particular, the FCC highlighted that consumer data is being aggregated and monetised for advertisement placement purposes, and that this data is being used to track consumers' locations to protests and places of worship. In this respect, the FCC noted that Starks is seeking information into AT&T and Verizon's participation in real-time bidding exchanges for mobile advertising, and is requesting details on each provider's policies and procedures to prohibit or minimise tracking of consumers. Specifically the FCC outlined that the letters sent to the service providers ask, among other things, the companies to explain their participation in monetising or using customer data intended for advertising placement to advance non-advertising objectives, to quantify the amount of US location data distributed in real-time bidding processes, and to detail policies in place to minimise, destroy, or prohibit the tracking of consumers according to their data.

The FCC noted that this follows a bipartisan group of members of the U.S. Congress sending a letter on the same to the Federal Trade Commission ('FTC'), requesting an investigation into such practices.

You can read the press release here, and the letters here and here.The French data protection authority ('CNIL') published, on 7 August 2020, its updated standard ('the Standard') which simplifies the conditions for accessing data from the permanent representative sample of the population ('EGB') protected by French health insurance within the National Inter-Regime Health Insurance Information System ('SNIIRAM'), following the entry into force of Law No. 2019-774 of 24 July 2019 on the Organisation and Transformation of the Health System. In particular, the update of the Standard aims to allow the Health Data Hub, under certain conditions, to access the relevant personal data in the context of processing activities which present a low risk for impact on the right to privacy. Specifically, the Standard specifies that access conditions include processing activities carried out for the purposes of research, study or analysis in the health sector, which serve the public interest, and for which access to the EGB, SNIIRAM or the related datamarts is necessary. In addition, the Standard highlights that, for such specific purposes of processing, neither the opinion of the Committee for Research, Study and Analysis in the health sector ('CESREES') nor authorisation from CNIL will need to be obtained.

Furthermore, the Standard has been updated with, among other things, a list of purposes for processing which can benefit from the new and simplified procedure, which includes changes in care, comparative analysis of treatment, description and analysis of patient pathologies and treatment plans. Moreover, the Standard adds that manufacturers and insurance providers working in the health sector can also benefit from the simplified access procedure, although they are required to collaborate with laboratories. Lastly, the Standard details that, where necessary, the period for which data can be accessed may be extended once for a maximum period of 24 months.

You can read the press release here and the Standard here, both only available in French.The European Consumer Organisation ('BEUC') issued, on 5 August 2020, a report ('the Report') on the two year anniversary of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') focusing on the enforcement of the GDPR from the perspective of consumers and national consumer organisations. In particular, the Report seeks to show the current lack of effectiveness in the application of the GDPR for consumer protection as a result of the lack of harmonised binding administrative procedures to deal with cross border complaints as well as the slow pace of proceedings. In addition, the Report makes recommendations, including the establishment of, among others, a common administrative procedure to handle complaints related to cross-border cases by the European Data Protection Board ('EDPB'), specific support mechanisms for data subjects or organisations representing them, and a list of organisations which would be considered eligible to represent data subjects under Article 80 of the GDPR.

You can read the Report here.The China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission ('CBIRC') issued, on 5 August 2020, a fine of CNY 1 million (approx. €121,900) on China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd ('CMB') for failures to provide protection to personal data of customers and for reckless investigations into applicants' credit information. In particular, the CBIRC clarified in its decision that CMB had failed to provide adequate protection to personal data over the period of December 2014 to May 2019.

You can read the CBIRC's decision, only available in Chinese, here.Executive Decree 49.265 of 6 August 2020 on Instituting the State Policy for the Protection of Personal Data of the State Executive Branch in accordance with Law No. 13.709 of 14 August 2018, General Personal Data Protection Law (as amended by Law No. 13.853 of 8 July 2019) ('LGPD') was published, on 7 August 2020, in the Official Journal of the State of Pernambuco. In particular, Executive Decree 49.265, in accordance with the LGPD, establishes the State Policy for the Protection of Personal Data ('PEPDP'), outlining various principles, including purpose limitation for data processing, complying with data security practices, necessity, transparency, accountability, and non-discrimination, as well as guaranteeing data subjects' free access to their personal data. In addition, Executive Decree 49.265 provides for definitions such as sensitive personal data, outlines the governance and regulatory powers of the PEPDP such as approving rules for the protection of personal data, and regulates the processing or personal data and data sharing practices.

You can read Executive Decree 49.265, only available in Portuguese, here.The Gibraltar Regulatory Authority ('GRA') announced, on 7 August 2020, that it has fined Royal Gibraltar Police £5,000 for its unlawful disclosure of personal data. In particular, the GRA noted that the breach related to data contained in pocketbook entries and witness accounts regarding a police investigation which was subsequently shared with the wrong recipient. In addition, the GRA highlighted that the breach was considered serious as the disclosure of personal data relating to criminal prosecutions may posit a real risk of distress for individuals, and that the Royal Gibraltar police had breached, among other things, its obligation to ensure the security of data processing.

You can read the announcement here and download the press release here.The United States District Court Northern District of California San Jose Division ('the Court') granted, on 22 July 2020, final approval to the Yahoo! Inc. class action settlement over the company's 2016 data breach ('the Order'). In particular, the Order awarded attorneys' fees, costs, and expenses and service awards to the class representatives who brought the suit on behalf of the class with the final approved settlement totalling $117.5 million and the settlement class size of approximately 195 million individuals in In re Yahoo! Inc. Customer Data Sec. Breach Litig., No. 16-MD-02752-LHK, 2020 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 129939 (N.D. Cal. July 22, 2020).

You can download the Order here.The National Privacy Commission ('NPC') issued, on 6 August 2020, a statement on the publication of personal information within its decisions. In particular, the NPC noted that it will now pseudonymise personal information, such as address and names, in cases where data is published online. In addition, the NPC noted that this is enforced through the NPC Advisory 2020-01 on Protocols for the Publication of Decisions, Resolutions and Orders on the NPC Website, and highlighted that it will limit the publication of cases, orders, and resolution that have not been disposed of with finality.

You can read the press release here.The World Economic Forum ('WEF') published, on 30 July 2020, its white paper ('the Paper') on notice and consent for human technology interaction. In particular, the Paper focuses on the challenges of notice and consent as a norm for data collection and processing, with the goal of facilitating a potential redesign of the framework for all aspects of information collection, use, retention and disclosure. Specifically, the Paper discusses various topics in this respect, including questions of ethics in mechanisms for consent collection, using dynamic and proactive policy responses based on positive reinforcement to manage dynamic and unpredictable data use and reuse demands rather than regulation rooted in punitive approaches, as well as generally looking at how to encourage both consumers and businesses to improve privacy norms for the collection and processing of personal data.

You can read the press release here and the Paper here.The Michigan Attorney General ('AG'), Dana Nessel, announced, on 7 August 2020, that MODOK LLC, a California-based Voice Over Internet Protocol ('VOIP') voice service provider, had agreed to exit the VoIP telecom industry and begin winding down its operations. In particular, MODOK conducted illegal robocalls regarding Social Security Administration scams and auto-warranty scams, which had allegedly been carrying foreign illegal robocall traffic into the United States and on to residents of the State of Michigan.

You can read the press release here.The Personal Data Protection Authority ('KVKK') made, on 6 August 2020, a public announcement of a data breach resulting from a ransomware attack which affected Penti Giyim Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim Şirketi and its affiliates. In particular, the KVKK highlighted that, under Article 12(5) of the Law on Protection of Personal Data No. 6698, in cases where the processed data is accessed illegally, the data controller has an obligation to notify the relevant persons and the KVKK. In addition, the KVKK noted that the breach affected, among other things, the communication and identity data of 45,242 employees, as well as customer data, and that the investigation into the breach will continue.

You can read the announcement, only available in Turkish, here.The Office of Fair Trading ('OFT') announced, on 4 August 2020, that the National Coordinator for anti-money laundering and combating the financing of terrorism ('AML/CFT') has issued the latest National Risk Assessment ('the NRA') for AML/CFT in Gibraltar. In particular, the NRA identifies money laundering ('ML'), terrorist financing ('TF'), and proliferation financing ('PF') risks and vulnerabilities while concentrating on sectors including distributed ledger technology, gambling, auditing, as well as real estate. In addition, the OFT urged businesses to take into account the NRA in ensuring that their control systems can prevent, detect, and make the necessary disclosures to law enforcement agencies in relation to the occurrence of ML, TF, and PF or suspicion of the same.

You can read the announcement here, the NRA here, and an executive summary of the NRA here.The Ministry of Economic Affairs and Digital Transformation ('the Ministry') announced, on 3 August 2020, in a statement ('the Statement') that the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') tracing app ('RadarCOVID') has succesfully passed the trial period, meeting all the objectives set.

In particular, the Ministry stated that RadarCOVID follows high technical standards and respects the privacy of users in compliance with all the recommendations made by the European Commission in this regard. In addition, the Ministry highlighted that app users cannot be identified or located by other users and that the data is stored in a decentral manner. Furthermore, the Ministry detailed that RadarCOVID uses the end device's Bluetooth connection, through which mobile phones emit and observe anonymous identifiers of other phones which change periodically. Moreover, the Ministry held that both the use of RadarCOVID and the communication of a possible infection will always be voluntary.

Finally, the Ministry stated that the next step would be to make RadarCOVID available for the health sector and autonomous communities, and announced that a first functional version of the tool could be ready to be launched in mid-August.

You can read the Statement, only available in Spanish, here.The Rhineland-Palatinate data protection authority ('LfDI Rheinland-Pfalz') issued, on 6 August 2020, a statement ('the Statement') calling for a law ('the Law') to ensure that data collected for COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') contact tracing when visiting restaurants, hairdressers, or games libraries is not used for inappropriate purposes. In particular, the LfDI Rheinland-Pfalz highlighted that not only does the contact tracing data collection allow conclusions to be drawn about the leisure time and consumer behavior of visitors and customers, the lists have recently come under fire due to isolated access by the police authorities. The Law would include purpose limitation regulations, use bans, and special rules for criminal prosecution, which can only access the contact data collected for the purpose of infection protection in the event of serious criminal offenses and under the condition of procedural guarantees, such as judicial decisions. Finally, the LfDI Rheinland-Pfalz stated that legal security and the protection of liberty are fundamental requirements of an accepted and thus successful infection protection.

You can read the Statement, only available in German, here.The European Data Protection Supervisor ('EDPS') published, on 7 August 2020, a blogpost ('the Blogpost') on quantum computing and cryptography highlighting the benefit of quantum computing for scientific developments. In particular, the Blogpost explains that, for specific issues, quantum computers have a speed advantage over classical computers and outlines, among other things, the implications of quantum computing for data protection in terms of data security and confidentiality of communications. More specifically, the Blogpost notes that quantum computing can break cryptography, thus, undermining IT security and also affecting core internet security protocols. In addition, the Blogpost highlights that quantum-safe cryptography which will not be affected by quantum computers, is not yet standardised and that, currently, until the transition to quantum-safe cryptography, organisations should consider for how long they need to ensure absolute confidentiality of data and protection from retrospective decryption.

You can read the Blogpost here.The Chilean Transparency Council ('CPLT') issued, on 6 August 2020, a statement following the Undersecretariat of Telecommunications' ('SUBTEL') request that companies in the telecommunications sector disclose large amounts of personal data of users to SUBTEL. In particular, the CPLT noted that SUBTEL had sent a letter to companies requesting the delivery of customer data in order to carry out an opinion study, and secondly, that a company, after being awarded a tender for a technical standard for the provision of internet access and a minimum speed of internet, will be responsible for collecting user information through software that the company can install on cell phones or computers to measure speed, and which will collect and deliver individuals' data to SUBTEL.

In this respect, the CPLT outlined that the principles of necessity and proportionality must be respected, and only the necessary data for the intended purposes should be collected and used for those purposes only, in accordance with Law No. 19.628 on the Protection of Private Life 1999 ('the Law'). Moreover, the CPLT further urged compliance with international standards and norms on the same, and highlighted the new legal initiative under discussion in Parliament, which would modernise the Law and resolve gaps in the current legal framework.

You can read the press release, only available in Spanish, here.The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information ('HmbBfDI') issued, on 4 August 2020, a statement ('the Statement') calling for federal legislators to limit law enforcement access to data collected for contact tracing for COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') purposes. In particular, the HmbBfDI noted that local data protection authorities are generally not able to monitor cases in which the massive amounts of data that is stored in reserve is used as an aid in the fulfillment of the tasks of the law enforcement authorities, as there is often a lack of knowledge about the cases of change of purpose. Furthermore, the HmbBfDI outlined that the possibility that law enforcement authorities use this data for their own purposes is largely unrestricted by the Code of Criminal Procedure and the Federal Data Protection Act of 30 June 2017 (implementing the GDPR) and that corresponding data processing, insofar as it is carried out to determine or punish criminal offences or administrative offences, must comply with the principle of proportionality.

You can read the Statement, only available in German, here.The Dutch data protection authority ('AP') published, on 6 August 2020, initial results (' the Results') on its investigation into smart cities. In particular, the AP outlined that the investigation focuses on the processing of citizens' personal data in public spaces with technologies such as sensors, as part of which the AP requested Data Protection Impact Assessments ('DPIA'). Specifically, the AP highlighted that, among other things, municipalities should clearly indicate what data is being processed, review and update DPIAs, and allow 14 weeks for possible prior consultation.

Furthermore, the AP stated that it expects to complete the investigation after the summer, later than expected due to the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic.

You can read the press release here and the Results here, both only available in Dutch.The Office of the Commissioner for Personal Data Protection ('the Commissioner') issued, on 5 August 2020, a statement, answering questions relating to measures taken by organisations to prevent the spread of COVID-19 ('Coronavirus'). In particular, the Commissioner referred to its previous statement on the use of thermal cameras and highlighted such use is only allowed if there is a legal basis pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), and provided that the principles of purpose limitation and data minimisation are fulfilled. Furthermore, in relation to employers conducting diagnostic tests, the Commissioner emphasised that in the absence of decrees by the Ministry of Health which determine the circumstances under which such tests can be carried out, the employer cannot oblige employees to give their consent for this purpose, as consent in the context of employment does not constitute a free expression of will.

You can read the statement, only available in Greek, here.The State Data Protection Inspectorate ('VDAI') announced, on 4 August 2020, that it had launched a public consultation for the description ('the Description') of the procedure for submitting requests of data controllers for approval of Binding Corporate Rules ('BCR'). In particular, the Description applies to the transfers of data to third countries in accordance with Articles 46(2)(b) and 47 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') but not to the transfers of data to data controllers or processors who do not belong to the group of companies that had submitted the request for BCR approval. In addition, the Description covers, among other things, the obligations of the data controller when submitting a request for BCR approval and the procedure of assessment of such requests by the VDAI.

Comments on the Description can be submitted at p. [email protected] by 18 August 2020.

You can read the announcement here and the Description here, both only available in Lithuanian.The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of New Zealand ('OPCNZ') released, on 6 August 2020, a blog post on international data transfers in light of the Court Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the OPCNZ highlighted that the decision in the Schrems II Case does not directly affect personal data transfers between the EU and New Zealand because these transfers are conducted on the basis of the existing adequacy decision which has been in place since 2012. However, the OPCNZ noted that the influence of the decision on international data transfers is likely to be significant and will have an impact on the international framework for data flows. In addition, the OPCNZ outlined that it will take the decision in the Schrems II Case into consideration when developing model contract clauses under the Privacy Act 2020, which includes new limits on international transfers of personal information under information privacy principle 12.

You can read the blog post here.U.S. Congresswoman, Anna Eshoo, sent, on 5 August 2020, along with other Members of Congress and California State legislators, a letter ('the Letter') to the California Department of Motor Vehicles ('DMV') inquiring into its data privacy and security practices. In particular, the Letter expresses concern about, among other things, the DMV's disclosure of personal data which could enable invasive biometric policing, and reports involving the sale of personal data to third parties without individuals' knowledge, consent, or opportunity to opt-out.

As such, the Letter poses questions to the DMV including what types of organisations the DMV has disclosed drivers' data to in the past three years, as well as whether the DMV has sold or otherwise disclosed data to debt collection agencies, private investigators, data brokers, or law enforcement agencies. In addition, the Letter asks whether the DMV has disclosed drivers' photos to federal, state, or local law enforcement agencies or given such agencies access to a database of drivers' photos, what specific fields of personal information have been sold or disclosed to third parties, and whether the DMV would honour individuals' requests not to have their data sold if such requests are made, among other questions.

You can read the press release here and the Letter here.The Financial Services Commission ('FSC') and the Financial Supervisory Service ('FSS') published jointly, on 6 August 2020, their guidance to the pseudonymisation and anonymisation of financial data ('the Guidance') following its consultation period. In particular, the FSC clarified that the Guidance follows and establishes the requirements of the new revisions of the Data 3 Act to the Credit Information Use and Protection Act.

You can read the statements of the FSC here and the FSS here, and download the Guidance here, all only available in Korean.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 23 July 2020, a resolution ('the Resolution') fining Just Landed, SL €3,000 for violating the Directive on Privacy and Electronic Communications (Directive 2002/58/EC) ('the ePrivacy Directive') for its cookie policy, and expressing a warning for a violation of Article 13 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') regarding Just Landed's privacy policy. In particular, the AEPD highlighted that on one of Just Landed's website pages, there was no cookie policy and the terms and conditions of its privacy policy were only in English, despite the entity being based in Spanish territory. Moreover, there was no banner or notice relating to cookies on the website page, nor any link or mechanism which allows the accepting, rejection, or management of the installation of cookies, but cookies were loaded without any action. Furthermore, the AEPD noted that the offence is 'slight' under Article 38(4)(g) of the ePrivacy Directive, and that it based its fine on the criteria listed in Article 40 of the ePrivacy Directive. Finally, the AEPD noted that one of Just Landed's websites had a privacy policy, but that it was in English.

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.The Monetary Authority of Singapore ('MAS') published, on 3 August 2020, its information paper ('the Paper') on enhancing enterprise-wide risk assessments on anti-money laundering ('AML') and countering the financing of terrorism ('CFT'). In particular, the Paper outlines a number of recommendations for financial institutions including that, among other things, banks should develop sound and systematic methodologies to effectively identify and analyse inherent risks, assess the adequacy of AML/CFT controls, and determine residual risks and additional mitigating measures to address these risks. Furthermore, the Paper notes that banks should perform control testing in a timely manner, and incorporate the results of control testing in the enterprise-wide risk assessment of the adequacy of controls used when addressing risks.

You can read the Paper here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 6 August 2020, a decision ('the Decision') in proceeding PS/00092/2020, fining GROW BEATS SL €3,000 for unlawful cookie practices. In particular, GROW BEATS had published a cookie policy on its website, in which the first layer did not contain information on the purpose for the use of cookies and the second layer did not contain information on the characteristics of the cookies that were installed, and the time period for which they will remain active in the terminal equipment of the end user. Moreover, the AEPD held that insufficient information was provided on the use of third party cookies and their management, and stated that no mechanism had been established that allows to reject all cookies.

Finally, the AEPD decided to fine GROW BEATS for these unlawful practices with €3,000.

You can read the Decision, only available in Spanish, here.The National Institute of Standards and Technology ('NIST') released, on 4 August 2020, two Informative References ('NISTIRs') for the National Cybersecurity Online Informative References ('OLIR') Program, Draft (2nd) NISTIR 8278, and Draft NISTIR 8278A, for public comment. In particular, NIST highlighted that Draft (2nd) NISTIR 8278 describes, among others, OLIRs and the OLIR Program, the benefits of OLIRs, and the introduction of the NIST Privacy Framework: A Tool for Improving Privacy through Enterprise Risk Management v1.0 focal document template. In addition, NIST outlined that Draft NISTIR 8278A instructs developers on how to complete an OLIR Focal Document spreadsheet when submitting an Informative Reference to NIST to be included in the OLIR Catalog.

You can read Draft (2nd) NISTIR 8278 here, and Draft NISTIR 8278A here.

Comments on both drafts can be submitted to [email protected] by 4 September 2020.

You can read the press release here.The Australian Government released, on 6 August 2020, its Cybersecurity Strategy 2020 ('the Strategy'). In particular, the Strategy outlines Australia's approach to keeping individuals, critical infrastructure providers, and businesses secure online. Furthermore, the Strategy highlights that the Government has established a Cyber Enhanced Situational Awareness and Response package in order to strengthen cybersecurity and law enforcement capabilities, protect businesses, and raise the community's awareness of cybersecurity issues. In addition, the Strategy outlines that the Government will consult with businesses regarding legislative changes that would set a minimum cybersecurity baseline through the consideration of, among other things, the role of privacy, consumer and data protection laws, company directors, and other business entity's duties, as well as manufacturer obligations in relation to internet-connected devices. Moreover, the Strategy notes the Government's intention to develop an enhanced regulatory framework for critical infrastructure and systems of national significance which will include an enforceable positive security obligation for designated critical infrastructure entities.

You can read the press release here and the Strategy here.The Central Bank of Malaysia ('BNM') announced, on 4 August 2020, the launch of the FinTech Booster program ('the FinTech Program') developed in collaboration with Malaysia Digital Economy Corporation. In particular, the BNM highlighted that the FinTech Program is meant to help FinTech companies based in Malaysia develop meaningful innovative products and services by enhancing their understanding of legal compliance and regulatory requirements. Specifically, the BNM noted that the FinTech Program will allow FinTech companies to participate in public sessions or clinics covering topics including, company law, cybersecurity, as well as data governance, and will provide a centralised hub for consultants, advisors, and solution providers to provide FinTech companies with the necessary tools and support to develop their products and services.

You can read the press release here and access the FinTech Program here.Leaders from the U.S. Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee and the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee sent, on 5 August 2020, a letter ('the Letter') to the U.S. Department of Commerce ('DoC') Secretary, Wilbur Ross, and the Federal Trade Commission ('FTC') Chairman, Joseph Simons following the Court of Justice of the EU's judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the Letter urges cooperation with European counterparts and calls for interim guidance to be issued which would assist consumers and businesses following the Schrems II Case.

You can read the press release here and the Letter here.The Polish data protection authority ('UODO') published, on 4 August, its decision ('the Decision') to issue a reprimand to a secondary school for processing students' personal data in connection with a questionnaire conducted to identify students who require psychological support from the school they attend. In particular, the UODO highlighted that the processing was contrary to Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), as the legal acts regulating the principles of the functioning of educational institutions do not specify such tasks and obligations. However, the UODO noted that a reprimand was sufficient at this stage, as the school took immediate corrective actions such as destroying the questionnaire forms and organising employee training to raise awareness of the protection of personal data.

You can read the press release here and the Decision here, both only available in Polish.The Danish data protection authority ('Datatilsynet') issued, on 5 August 2020, its decision ('the Decision') stating that it is permissible under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') for an unnamed company to process fingerprint information for the purpose of uniquely identifying employees, following consultation with the Data Council. In particular, the Datatilsynet highlighted that a trade union had complained on behalf of one of its members that a company processes information about fingerprints with a view to unambiguously identifying which employee is approaching and leaving the workplace. Furthermore, the Decision outlines that one of the council members did not believe that the Datatilsynet was competent to deal with the issue, as the matter is covered by the Danish Employers' Confederation and the Danish Trade Union Confederation ('the DA/LO Agreement') on control measures, so the member believed that the trade union system was the right forum.

In the Decision, the Datatilsynet highlighted that the company stated that this was a control measure which had been notified in accordance with the main agreement between the DA/LO Agreement. Furthermore, the Datatilsynet noted that the company justified the control measure on the grounds that it is crucial for food safety, including the company's export opportunities, that unauthorised persons do not gain access to the production site and that it can be identified at any time who has participated in the production of a given product. Moreover, the Datatilsynet outlined in the Decision that key tags that employees scan do not provide sufficient assurance that it can be unambiguously identified who has been present in the production, as there may be theft of key tags or replacement of key tags, both incorrectly and intentionally. In addition, the Datatilsynet emphasised that the system does not store images of the individual's fingerprint, but a unique template based on the fingerprint. Specifically, the scanner is designed so that data in the scanner, should it fall into the wrong hands, could not be used without a copy of the associated database, and that the database is located on a server at the group's head office that only the IT department's employees have access to via a separate coding system. Furthermore, the Datatilsynet noted that non-employees do not have access to the company's PCs, and that the information in the system can only be accessed by the few employees who have a work-related need for this, which only includes the IT department and the group's payroll office.

After an overall review, the Datatilsynet found that there was no basis for overriding the company's assessment as the processing could therefore take place in accordance with Article 5 of the GDPR and Section 12(1) of Act No. 502 of 23 May 2018 on Supplementary Provisions to the Regulation on the Protection of Natural Persons with Regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the Free Movement of Such Data.

You can read the press release here and the Decision here, both only available in DanishThe Chamber of Deputies published, on 5 August 2020, the opinion ('the Opinion') of Federal Deputy, Damião Feliciano, on Provisional Measure No. 959 of 29 April 2020 ('the Provisional Measure'), proposing, among other things, that the entry into effect of the Law No. 13.709 of 14 August 2018, General Personal Data Protection Law (as amended by Law No. 13.853 of 8 July 2019) ('LGPD') be maintained as August 2020, and as originally provided.

The Provisional Measure is still pending approval before the Congress of Brazil.

You can read the Opinion, only available in Portuguese, here.The Ukrainian Parliamentary Commissioner for Human Rights ('the Commissioner') released, on 5 August 2020, a statement clarifying a lawyer's right to access the personal information of their client. In particular, the Commissioner noted that a lawyer's request for personal data, including personal data related to health, must meet the access requirements of the Law of 1 June 2010 No. 2297-VI on Personal Data Protection (as amended). Moreover, the Commissioner highlighted that the identity and authority of the lawyer to access such information must also be confirmed, emphasising that the onus is on the data user to ensure the identity of the lawyer, and the proper protection of personal data from illegal access.

You can read the press release, only available in Ukrainian, here.The National Cyber Security Centre ('NCSC') published, on 6 August 2020, its new cyber insurance guidance ('the Guidance'). In particular, the Guidance highlights the seven cybersecurity questions organisations should be asking if they are considering purchasing cyber insurance, including what cybersecurity defences organisations have in place, as purchasing an insurance policy might require providing information about their security controls, and whether organisations understand the potential impacts of a cyber incident.

You can read the press release here and the Guidance here.The Financial Intelligence Unit ('FIU') published, on 31 July 2020, its annual report ('the Annual Report') for 2019. In particular, the Annual Report addresses, among other things, the digitalisation of data processing and analytic processes, plans for 2020, and money laundering ('ML') schemes. More specifically, in relation to the digitalisation of data processing, the Annual Report notes that a system for processing and protecting personal data was created in the FIU during 2019, which included a data protection specialist, as well as a register of data protection violations. In addition, the Annual Report highlights that the FIU has implemented strategic analyses in relation to, among others, ML and virtual currencies, and ML and terrorist financing in the context of professional services. Moreover, the Annual Report outlines that the main strategic priorities of FIU are the detection of large-scale ML schemes, the freezing of laundering proceeds, and the drafting of materials that facilitate effective pre-trial investigation.

You can read the Annual Report here.The Ministry of Communications and Information announced, on 6 August 2020, that Singapore's Minister for Trade and Industry, Chan Chun Sing, and Australia's Minister for Trade, Tourism and Investment, Simon Birmingham, had signed the Singapore-Australia Digital Economy Agreement ('SADEA'). In particular, the SADEA aims to enable trusted cross-border data flows while avoiding requirements such as data localisation, but still protecting consumers' privacy and businesses' proprietary information.

Furthermore, Sing stated that, 'the SADEA will facilitate digitalisation of trade processes and make it easier and more cost-effective for Singapore companies to engage in cross border business activities with Australia. As COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') forces businesses to consider innovative ways to reach customers and adapt to a new way of doing business, agreements like the SADEA will allow our companies to take advantage of opportunities in the digital economy and tap on new technologies to create new digital products and services.'

You can read the press release here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') published, on 4 August 2020, a decision ('the Decision') in proceedings PS/00009/2020, fining Vodafone España, SAU €60,000 for violating Article 6 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the AEPD noted that the claimant alleged that they had received a message from Vodafone España thanking them for a purchase that they did not recognise and that was made in a store of which they were a customer. Futhermore, the purchase was made using the claimants personal and banking details to obtain prepaid Lycamobile cards. Moreover, as Vodafone España agreed to a voluntary payment, the fine was reduced to €48,000.

You can read the Decision, only available in Spanish, here.The European Commission ('the Commission') announced, on 4 August 2020, that it has launched an in-depth investigation into Google LLC's proposed acquisition of Fitbit Inc. In particular, the Commission highlighted its concern that the proposed transaction will further strengthen Google's market position in the online advertising markets by increasing the amount of data that Google could use for personalisation of the ads it displays. In light of this, the Commission noted that the data advantage afforded to Google through this transaction would increase the barriers to entry and expansion for Google's competitors in the online advertising market. In addition, the Commission stated that it has 90 days until 9 December 2020 to make a decision.

You can read the press release here.The Institute of Transparency and Access to Information ('INAI') announced, on 25 July 2020, its participation in the creation of the Working Group Intersecretary on Digital Commerce ('the Group'), convened by the Ministry of Economy. In particular, the Group is established to follow up on commitments in relation to Chapter 19 of the United States Mexico Canada Agreement which recently entered into force on 1 July 2020. Furthermore, the INAI noted that the Group discussed the importance of the right of the protection of personal data as a key factor in the development of digital commerce. Moreover, the Group discussed economic competitiveness to boost cooperation on cybersecurity and the critical role the INAI will have in the development of digital commerce.

You can read the press release, only available in Spanish, here.The Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman ('the Ombudsman') announced, on 05 August 2020, that the Sanctions Chamber of the Ombudsman ('the Sanctions Chamber'), had issued a decision ('the Decision') in which it had fined Independent Consulting Oy (Acc Consulting Varsinais-Suomi) €7,000 for sending electronic direct marketing messages without prior consent and for non-compliance with the data subject rights. In particular, the Decision relates to 11 complaints received by the Ombudsman relating to the company's direct electronic marketing and non-exercise of data subject rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In addition, the Sanctions Chamber held that the company could not rely on the defence that it had conducted targeted electronic direct marketing to entities which do not require consent under the Act on Electronic Communications Services (917/2014), as the company had not conducted any assessments prior to the marketing considering, among other things, the recipient's job.

Moreover, the Decision notes that some of the complaints concerned the fact that data subjects had made requests to the controller for their rights under the GDPR and that the controller had not responded to the requests as required without undue delay and within a maximum of one month of receipt of the request. In addition, the Decision highlights that the controller did not appear to have organised its procedures for processing personal data in such a way that it can indicate whether it had exercised the data subjects' rights or received requests for rights and that therefore was unable to demonstrate that it had processed personal data lawfully.

Lastly, the Decision outlines that the Deputy Ombudsman of the Office also obliges the controller to rectify its conduct with regard to direct marketing and has ordered the company to change its practices and exercise the data subject's rights in accordance with the GDPR.

You can read the press release here and the Decision here, both only available in Finnish.The Department of Internal Affairs ('DIA') announced, on 5 August 2020, the development of a Digital Identity Trust Framework ('the Framework') in legislation. In particular, the DIA highlighted that it will develop an interim framework, which will enable the Framework rules to be developed and tested with digital identity providers, while the legislation is being drafted. Furthermore, the DIA noted that the legislation will enable providers to be accredited against the Framework rules, which will be based on existing and developing standards and will support the development of security, privacy-enhancing, and interoperable approaches to digital identity services.

The legislation is scheduled to be introduced in 2021.

You can read the press release here.The French data protection authority ('CNIL') announced, on 5 August 2020, its decision ('the Decision') issued on 28 July 2020 to impose a €250,000 fine on Spartoo SAS for violating multiple provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Decision outlines that Spartoo breached the principle of data minimisation under Article 5(1)(c) of the GDPR, retained the data for longer than was necessary under Article 5(1)(e) of the GDPR, as well as failed to abide by the obligation to inform under Article 13 of the GDPR, and to take adequate measures to ensure the security of data as required by Article 32 of the GDPR. More specifically, in light of the purposes of processing data for employee training and fraud prevention, CNIL considered that the permanent recording of telephone calls with customer service employees, the recording of customer bank details, and the collection of customers' health cards were excessive and, thus, contrary to data minimisation.

In addition, CNIL found that the Spartoo had not set up a retention period for customer and prospect data, and also did not regularly erase and archive personal data. Moreover, CNIL held that retaining, for a period exceeding five years, names and passwords in a non-anonymised form to enable customers to re-use their account contradicted Article 5(1)(e) of the GDPR. Moreover, CNIL held that customers were misinformed about the legal bases for the data processing and that employees had not been adequately informed about the purpose behind the processing, the recipients of the data, the data retention period, and their rights, which meant that Spartoo breached its obligation to provide information under Article 13 of the GPDR. Lastly, CNIL noted that Spartoo had not used adequately strong passwords for accessing customer accounts and, thus, failed to ensure the security of data processed by the company as required by Article 32 of the GDPR.

Therefore, CNIL, also taking into account the three million clients and 25 million prospects affected, as well as the retention of bank data, imposed a €250,000 fine on Spartoo and asked that it brings its processing in conformity with the GDPR within three months of the notification of the Decision.

You can read the press release here and the Decision here, both only available in French.Walgreens Co. notified, on 24 July 2020, the Department of Health and Human Services' Office of Civil Rights ('OCR') of a data security incident involving 72,143 potential victims. In particular, in a data breach notification letter ('the Notification Letter') submitted to the California Office of the Attorney General, Walgreens notes that, on 15 January 2020, an error was discovered in the Walgreens mobile app personal secure feature. An investigation found that an internal application error allowed certain personal messages from Walgreens that are stored in a database to be viewable by other customers using the Walgreens mobile app. Finally, the Notification Letter states that the investigation determined that the information that may have been viewed includes first and last names, prescription number and drug name, and store number.

You can read the Notification Letter here and access details of the OCR notification here.The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of New Zealand ('OPCNZ') announced, on 5 August 2020, that it will be undertaking an inquiry into the distribution of COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') patient information by the Ministry of Health, following a recent investigation into the breach. In particular, the OPCNZ highlighted that it expects to be able to publicly report the findings and recommendations of the inquiry in early September.

You can read the press release here.The Agency for Personal Data Protection in Bosnia and Herzegovina ('AZLP') published, on 4 August 2020, its 2019 annual report ('the Report'). In particular, the Report outlines that the Law on the Protection of Personal Data No. 49/06 should be brought in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (‘GDPR’). Furthermore, the Report highlights that the AZLP had completed 16 investigations, received 133 complaints, of which 94 were resolved, issued 25 misdemeanour warrants, and carried out no audit inspections. In addition, the Report outlines that the AZLP issued its opinion on matters including video surveillance, direct marketing, internal data transfers, and the application of the GDPR. Moreover, the Report notes that a total of 837 data controllers were now included in the main register, which records basic information about data controllers and their personal data collection activities, and that a total of 4438 personal data collections had been entered.

You can read the Report, only available in Bosnian, here.The Personal Information Protection Committee ('PIPC') inaugurated, on 5 August 2020, a chairperson, Yoon Jong-in, to lead following the new revisions (collectively, 'the Data 3 Act') to the Personal Information Protection Act 2011 ('PIPA'), the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection 2001 ('ICNA'), and the Credit Information Use and Protection Act 2008 ('the Credit Act'). In particular, Yoon Jong-in expressed in his speech that the PIPC will focus on three core values, innovation, professionalism, and communication in data protection and privacy. Furthermore, the PIPC has further appointed seven non-executives to its committee to enable integrated supervision on data protection issues.

You can view the statements of the PIPC here, here, and here, all available only in Korean.The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada ('OPC') issued, on 4 August 2020, its report of findings ('the Findings') following its investigation into a complaint of TD Canada Trusts' decision to outsource the processing of fraud claims to a third-party service provider. In particular, the Findings note that the complaint highlighted TD's decision to outsource aspects of its fraud claims processing services to a third-party service provider in India and that TD did not obtain consent for, or allow customers to opt-out of, the transfer of personal information to a service provider in a foreign jurisdiction.

In this respect, the Findings outline that the third-party service provider was using TD customers' information to manage fraud claims for TD and that TD was not required to obtain separate consent for or to provide customers the choice to opt-out of, the transfer of personal information to the third-party service provider for that same purpose. In addition, the Findings highlight that TD was sufficiently open about this transfer, provided customers with information pertaining to its transfers, and also made this information available through its privacy resources, as well as had been accountable with respect to the information it transferred and ensured a comparable level of protection for that information. As such, the Findings conclude that the complaint was not well-founded and that TD had met its requirements under Canada's federal private sector privacy legislation.

You can read the press release here and the Findings here.The United Nations Human Rights Office of the High Commissioner Special Rapporteur on the Right to Privacy announced, on 31 July 2020, a call for contributions examining the privacy rights of children and how this right interacts with the interests of other actors as the child develops the capacity for autonomy. In particular, the Special Rapporteur outlined that the submissions should relate to privacy rights of children and their autonomy in any of the following or relevant areas, including online and offline in the social, recreational, educational, justice, and health spheres, strengths and challenges of 'age-based' and 'age-verification' approaches, and governmental or other structures, including regulatory arrangements, established to advance the human rights of the child.

Contributions may be submitted to [email protected] by 30 September 2020.

You can read the press release here.The Ministry of Communication and Information Technology ('Kominfo') announced, on 4 August 2020, that it had asked the digital platform KreditPlus to provide clarification and reports in response to an alleged data breach that resulted in customer data leaks. In particular, Kominfo notes that, as an electronic system provider, KreditPlus has the obligation to meet personal data protection standards set out in Governmental Regulation No. 71 of 2019 regarding the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and requested that KreditPlus take the necessary steps to ensure the safety of user data. In addition, Kominfo emphasised the need for the public to maintain the security of their respective accounts, and advised users to, among other things, routinely change passwords.

You can read the press release, only available in Indonesian, here.The Electronic Privacy Information Center ('EPIC') sent, on 4 August 2020, a letter ('the Letter') to the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation ('the Senate Commerce Committee') Chairman Roger Wicker and Ranking Member Maria Cantwell, ahead of the Senate Commerce Committee's oversight hearing of the Federal Trade Commission ('FTC'), scheduled for 5 August 2020. In particular, the Letter outlines the view that the FTC does not function as an effective privacy agency and that the U.S. Congress should establish an independent data protection agency, with the Senate Commerce Committee instead scheduling a hearing on Senate Bill 3300 to establish a Federal data protection agency. Specifically, the Letter notes three key points for the Senate Commerce Committee's consideration in this respect, highlighting the FTC's failure to stop mergers that threaten consumer privacy, the FTC's failure to establish data protection standards as it cannot enforce its own consent orders, and the general need for a US data protection agency because of the lacking authority and expertise of the FTC.

You can read the press release here and the Letter here.Senator Jeff Merkley announced, on 4 August 2020, along with Senator Bernie Sanders, that they have introduced a bill for the National Biometric Information Privacy Act of 2020 ('the Bill'). In particular, the Bill would require all private organisations to make available to the public a written policy establishing a retention schedule and guidelines for the destruction of biometric information, establishing limitations on the collection, purchase, or sharing of a person or customer's biometric information without obtaining prior opt-in consent. Furthermore, the Bill mandates that organisations must have proper safeguards in place, a reasonable standard of care when in possession of biometric information, and provide individuals with the right to know any such information relating to their biometric information. Finally, the Bill outlines that any individual aggrieved by a violation of the Bill may bring a civil action in court, in addition to the state Attorney's General ability to bring a lawsuit on behalf of residents of such states.

You can read the press release here and the Bill here.The French data protection authority ('CNIL') published, on 31 July 2020, a notice ('the Notice') on its management of requests for approval of Binding Corporate Rules ('BCRs'). In particular, the Guidance outlines, among other things, the purpose of data processing, which falls under the exercise of the duties of CNIL as a public authority, the categories of data processed, the data subjects, and the data retention period. More specifically, in relation to the categories of data processed, CNIL specifies that, for the purposes of managing requests related to BCRs, it is mandatory to collect some information, including the identification of the person making the request, and the name of their organisation. In addition, in relation to data recipients, the Guidance specifies that there will be no transfers of data outside of the EU and that the recipients concerned include data controllers, sub-processors, or any third parties concerned by the request, as well as CNIL members and staff responsible for processing files. Moreover, the Guidance states that the data collected will be kept for 10 years after the response to the request.

You can read the Notice, only available in French, here.The Danish data protection authority ('Datatilsynet') announced, on 4 August 2020, that it had fined PrivatBo AmbA DKK 150,000 (approx. €20,100) and reported it to the police after it had transferred tenants' confidential information and therefore not implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures in violation of Article 32 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Datatilsynet noted that PrivatBo, a management company, assisted a housing fund with the intended sale of three properties, and that PrivatBo had provided material for the properties in question, which was distributed to the occupants of the properties in a total of 424 USB keys. However, PrivatBo was not aware that for some of the leases handed out, documents were attached which contained personal data of a confidential nature and which should not have been disclosed. Therefore, the Datatilsynet chose to report PrivatBo to the police for the unintentional transfer of personal information that took place as part of the handing over of the 424 USB keys.

In addition, the Datatilsynet found grounds for expressing serious criticism that PrivatBo subsequently, in connection with the same offer obligation, unintentionally distributed information relating to outstanding deposits and prepaid rent, and in some cases information on disbursements in deposits, to residents in a property other than that which was subject to the obligation in question. The unintentional disclosure of this information occurred despite the fact that PrivatBo had hired an external auditing company.

You can read the announcement, only available in Danish, here.The Information and Privacy Agency ('AIP') issued, on 15 July 2020, a statement on the processing of personal data during the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic, with an emphasis on health institutions as data controllers. In particular, in light of the proposals for publicising information about people infected with Coronavirus, the AIP highlighted that any exchange of such information must comply with Law No. 06/L-082 on Personal Data Protection ('the Law') given the sensitive nature of the information, which includes health data. In addition, the AIP noted that medical staff should share the data of patients infected, or suspected of being infected, with health authorities and people responsible for Coronavirus prevention, as well as highlighting that the publication of the names or other personal data of those affected by Coronavirus contradicts the Law.

You can read the statement, only available in Albanian, here.The National Bank of Ukraine ('NBU') announced, on 3 August 2020, that it had applied sanctions to six banks and one non-financial institution for violations of financial monitoring legislation following inspections on anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing ('AML/CFT'), as well as financing for the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. In particular, the NBU noted that the sanction included, written warnings and penalties of up to UAH 5 million (approx. €152, 200) for among other things, failure to properly analyse the financial transactions of customers, improper operation of the internal banking system AML/CFT systems, and failure to ensure proper risk management in activities.

You can release the press release, only available in Ukrainian, here.The Polish data protection authority ('UODO') announced, on 21 July 2020, that it had signed an agreement ('the Agreement') on mutual cooperation with the Patient Rights Ombudsman ('PRO'). In particular, the UODO stated that this cooperation aims, among other things, to provide for the exchange of information in areas related to the implementation of the statutory tasks of both entities, to allow better protection of patients by building appropriate awareness among both patients and data controllers, and to create conditions under which cooperation will be properly organised and supervised by both authorities.

You can read the press release here and download the Agreement here, both only available in Polish.The None of your business–European Center for Digital Rights ('NOYB') announced, on 4 August 2020, that it had issued a complaint ('the Complaint') with the Austrian data protection authority ('DSB') against the credit rating agency CRIF GmbH, which is active in 28 states, for violating the right to information, data correctness, and transparency in a proceeding regarding the negative rating of an applicant for an electricity contract. In particular, NOYB held that the application for an electricity contract had been rejected by the energy provider based on an insufficient credit check based on an assessment conducted by CRIF. Furthermore, NOYB held that the rejected applicant had received a yellow rating and a scoring of 446 points by CRIF and that when asked to provide access to the applicant's information stored, CRIF responded that they no longer had any data on him. Moreover, CRIF held that it had not conducted a credit rating on the applicant and that the rejection of the energy contract was based on a decision taken by the energy provider.

Furthermore, NOYB held that the applicant found that CRIF had violated his right to information under Article 15 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') because CRIF only provided incomplete data, contrary to the principle of data correctness under Article 5(1)(d) of the GDPR, as CRIF transferred (potentially invented) incorrect data to the energy provider. In addition, NOYB highlighted that CRIF had violated the principle of transparency under Article 5(1)(a) of the GDPR.

Finally, NOYB announced that the Complaint is the first step in its mission to examine credit rating agencies in Europe over the next months and years and to conduct proceedings under the GDPR in relevant cases.

You can read the press release here and the Complaint here, both only available in German.The National Payments Corporation of India ('NPCI') issued, on 31 July 2020, a statement on cybersecurity defence and data privacy. In particular, the NPCI noted that it invests in people, process, and technologies required to safeguard the IT infrastructure, information generated by them, and the digital identities that access such information to remain safe and secured by deploying state-of-the-art technologies for protection and monitoring. In addition, the NPCI highlighted the importance of security practices including secured software coding, regular internal audits, continuous vulnerability assessment and penetration testing, third-party audits, and surprise cubersecurity drills. Moreover, the NPCI noted that it has adopted its Security Framework in line with the National Institute of Standards and Technology ('NIST') Cybersecurity Framework and Payment Card Industry ('PCI') Data Security Standard.

You can read the press release here.The Office of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data ('PCPD') announced, on 2 August 2020, that it had signed, on 29 July 2020, a memorandum of understanding ('MoU') with the United Kingdom's Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') on regulatory, enforcement, and research cooperation to protect the fundamental rights of citizens of the UK and Hong Kong in data based economies. In particular, the PCPD clarified that the MoU covers a wide range of activities including cooperation requirements by the two data protection authorities in the event of cross border personal data incidents, and confidential information sharing where appropriate and lawful to do so for conducting inspections, handling complaints, and initiating investigations. The ICO's Commissioner, Elizabeth Denham, noted '[the] MoU will demonstrate to the outside world that the UK and Hong Kong data protection authorities will work together where necessary when [their] citizens' data is at risk.'

You can view the press release here and the MoU here.The Emergency Ordinance No. 119 of 22 July 2020 ('the Emergency Ordinance') for the amendment of Law No. 362/2018 on Ensuring a High Common Level of Security of Networks and Information Systems of 9 January 2019 ('the Law') was published, on 24 July 2020, in the Official Gazette with the National Cybersecurity Response Centre ('CERT-RO') making a statement on the same. In particular, the Emergency Ordinance amends the Law which had implemented the Directive on Security Network and Information Systems (Directive (EU) 2016/1148) ('the NIS Directive'), as well as focusing on the functions of CERT-RO and the Interinstitutional Working Group for the Determination of the Threshold Values ​​Necessary for Determining the Significant Disruptive Effect of Incidents at the Networks and Computer Systems for essential service operators ('GdLINIS'). In addition, CERT-RO highlighted that the Emergency Ordinance has introduced an important amendment by providing for GdLINIS' role in determining the threshold values ​​necessary to establish the disruptive effect of incidents affecting networks and IT systems of essential service operators. Finally, CERT-RO noted that the adoption of the Emergency Ordinance is essential in furthering the implementation of the provisions of the NIS Directive in Romania.

You can read the Emergency Ordinance here and CERT-RO's statement here, both only available in Romanian.The Polish data protection authority ('UODO') issued, on 3 August 2020, a statement on the right of state organisations to access employees' personal data when carrying out inspections in companies within their statutory powers. In particular, the UODO gave two examples of state organisations, namely the Social Insurance Institution ('ZUS') and the National Labour Inspectorate ('PIP') and stated that these are permitted, pursuant to national legislation and Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), to examine all books, financial, accounting, and personal documents, as well as other information relevant to the scope of the inspection. Therefore, the UODO noted that when state organisations perform their tasks on the basis of their statutory powers, they cannot be refused access to the requested documents.

However, the UODO highlighted that such organisations must comply with the GDPR principles of proportionality, purpose limitation, and data minimisation.

You can read the statement here.U.S. Senator, Ron Wyden, announced, on 31 July 2020, that he had sent, along with other U.S. Senators and Members of Congress, a letter ('the Letter') to the Federal Trade Commission ('FTC') urging it to investigate the practices of companies in the adtech industry. In particular, the Letter calls for the investigation of the adtech industry's selling of personal information through real-time bidding ('RTB'), in which personal information is collected without individuals' consent, including device identifiers and cookies or location data and IP addresses, and auctioned in order for individuals to then receive targeted advertising. In addition, the Letter notes that there is no effective way to control RTB infrastructure, individuals have not consented to be tracked and their information to be collected, and often technological roadblocks such as browser privacy settings or ad blockers are insufficient and circumvented by adtech companies. As such, the Letter urges the FTC to investigate the adtech industry practices and data brokers associated with such companies.

You can read the press release here and the Letter here.The National Cyber Security Centre ('NCSC') released, on 4 August 2020, its incident management guidance ('the Guidance'). In particular, the Guidance highlights the importance of developing and embedding a comprehensive incident management plan which focuses on continuous improvement and be a part of, or integrated with, a wider cybersecurity programme within the organisation. Furthermore, the Guidance outlines five key steps designed to assist organisations with managing and responding to cybersecurity incidents, including defining roles and responsibilities, identifying threats and assets, creating an incident management plan, logging and alerting incidents, as well as reporting progress.

You can read the press release here and the Guidance here.The Personal Information Protection Commission ('PIPC') announced, on 4 August 2020, the launch of an integrated supervisory organisation on personal information matters following the new amendments to the Data 3 Act. In particular, the PIPC clarified that the personal information supervision function that was previously shared and delegated through different ministries, such as the Korea Communications Commission, the Financial Services Commission, and the Ministry of the Interior and Safety, will now be unified under one body.

You can view the press release, only available in Korean, here.The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') announced, on 3 August 2020, that it had fined the Management Development Institute of Singapore ('MDIS') Corporation Pte Ltd SGD 10,000 (approx. €6,190) for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to protect the personal data of individuals who had provided their information to MDIS Corporation for registration purposes. In particular, the PDPC highlighted that MDIS Corporation had breached Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012) ('PDPA') by failing to communicate any data protection requirements to its vendor or developer and to detect vulnerabilities prior to the launch of the website. Furthermore, the PDPC noted that while an organisation may delegate work to vendors in order to comply with the PDPA, an organisation's responsibility to comply with its obligations under the PDPA may not be delegated.

You can read the decision here.The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') announced, on 3 August 2020, that is had issued a warning to Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No. 3400 (MCST 3400) for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent the unauthorised access of 562 individuals' personal data stored in an internal directory. In particular, the PDPC noted that MCST 3400 failed to comply with Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012) requiring organisations to protect personal data in their possession or under their control by taking reasonable security steps to prevent, among other things, unauthorised access, collection, use, or disclosure. In addition, the PDPC noted that organisations should, among other things, conduct pre-launch testing before new IT features or changes to IT systems are deployed, periodic security reviews, and up-to-date online vulnerability scanning. Moreover, the PDPC highlighted the importance for organisations to be aware of and track their personal data assets through registers.

You can read the decision here.The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') issued, on 3 August 2020, a warning to FWD Singapore Pte Ltd for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent the unauthorised disclosure of 71 individuals' personal data contained in payment advice letters which were sent to incorrect recipients in breach of Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012). In particular, the PDPC noted that the unauthorised disclosure arose from a logical error which FWD Singapore should have taken care to avoid by conducting its manual code review and unit testing. Moreover, the PDPC highlighted that it had not issued any direction to FWD Singapore as they have implemented steps to improve their development processes to prevent the recurrence of such an incident.

You can read the decision here.The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') announced, on 3 August 2020, that it had fined the Central Depository (Pte) Limited SGD 32,000 (approx. €19,821) for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent the unauthorised disclosure of individuals' personal data in breach of Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012). In particular, the PDPC highlighted that dividend cheques of some account holders had been mailed to outdated addresses, resulting in the unauthorised disclosure of personal data. Furthermore, the PDPC found that the Central Depository had failed to conduct sufficient testing before migrating from one mailing system to another resulting, in a risk of fraud and financial loss.

You can read the decision here.The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') announced, on 3 August 2020, that it had issued a warning ('the Warning') to Actstitude Pte Ltd for failure to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent unauthorised disclosure of 160 individuals' personal data in breach of Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012). In particular, the Warning notes that Actstitude did not conduct wulnerability scanning as part of pre-lauchin testing of their website, and did not conduct periodic security reviews. Moreover, the Warning notes that the failure to put it place access controls or to conduct security testing resulted in, among other things, Google's website indexing and disclosing the resumes for search containing the names of the individuals, which led to a complaing to the PDPC on 25 October 2019.

You can read the decision here.The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') announced, on 3 August 2020, that it had issued a warning to Jean Yip Salon Pte Ltd for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent the unauthorised disclosure of personal data of 28 of its employees in breach of Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012). In particular, the PDPC highlighted that Jean Yip Salon had opened public access to a server without ascertaining what it hosted, and therefore had inadvertently allowed access to the internal system. Furthermore, the PDPC found that there were no processes in place to remove or deactivate unnecessary user accounts and that Jean Yip Salon did not enforce a password policy for user accounts.

You can read the decision here.The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') issued, on 3 August 2020, a warning to Zero1 Pte Ltd and IP Tribe Pte Ltd for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent the unauthorised disclosure of 118 individuals' personal data contained in invoices which were sent to incorrect recipients in breach of Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012). In particular, the PDPC noted that information including name, address, subscriber ID, and mobile numbers were disclosed. Finally, the PDPC highlighted that it had not issued any direction to Zero1 and IP Tribe as they have taken remedial actions to address the gaps in their security arrangements.

You can read the decision here.The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') announced, on 3 August 2020, that it had fined the Singapore Accountancy Commission SGD 5,000 (approx. €3,097) for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent the unauthorised access of 6,541 personnel and candidates' personal data in breach of Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012). In particular, the PDPC noted that information including names, National Registration Identification Card numbers, dates of birth, contact details, education, and employment information, as well as exam results had been sent to 41 unintended recipients between 12 June 2019 and 22 October 2019.

You can read the decision here.The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of New Zealand ('OPCNZ') released, on 3 August 2020, a blog post addressing the definition of personal information under the Privacy Act 1993 ('the Act') in light of recent decisions considered by the Human Rights Review Tribunal and the High Court of New Zealand. In particular, the OPCNZ highlighted that in Taylor v Chief Executive of the Department of Corrections ([2018] NZHRRT 35, the High Court noted that Mr Taylor's personal information appeared on the same pages as the names of Corrections Officers which did not constitute personal information, and therefore did not need to be disclosed under the Act because it was essentially administrative information. Furthermore, the High Court clarified that the information regarding the Corrections Officers did not automatically become Mr Taylor's information, it appeared on the same page as his personal information because it was still possible to distinguish and redact their names from the personal information about Mr Taylor without making the substantive content of the documents unintelligible. As such, the OPCNZ highlighted that when deciding whether third party information can be treated as 'mixed information,' an agency should consider whether the information is 'essentially administrative' and if the redactions of information would render the communications unintelligible. In addition, the OPCNZ confirmed that if an agency determines that the names or details of another individual are not the personal information of the requester, then the agency should not assess or withhold this information under the Act.

You can read the press release here.The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China ('MIIT') announced, on July 31, 2020, its plan for its special rectification action of apps infringing user rights and interests. In particular, the MIIT noted enterprises should carry out self-examination and correction, focusing on apps and software developer kits ('SDK') that process users' personal information in violation of applicable regulations, among other things. In addition, the MIIT noted that, along with provincial communications administrations, it will strengthen the supervision and inspection of apps and SDKs, and will increase the handling and exposure of violations in accordance with applicable legislation. Moreover, the MIIT emphasised that if incomplete rectification continues, measures such as public announcements, organisation removals, disconnection, and administrative penalties will be adopted.

You can read the press release, only available in Chinese, here.The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China ('MIIT') issued, on 3 August 2020, a notice on its pilot demonstration of cybersecurity technology application in 2020 ('the Notice'). In particular, the Notice highlights that the pilot demonstration focuses on cybersecurity solutions for, among others, smart cities, Big Data, internet of things, artificial intelligence, and blockchain. Specifically, the Notice outlines that the demonstration tests security requirements including data asset identification, data encryption, data leak traceability, identity verification, and data sharing. Finally, the Notice emphasises that the demonstration is meant to promote cybersecurity best practices and solutions, as well as strengthen the security assurance capabilities of new information infrastructures.

You can read the press release, only available in Chinese here.The Office of the Ombudsman ('the Ombudsman') issued, on 29 July 2020, its annual report for 2019 ('the Report'). In particular, the Report highlights that, among other things, the Information Division, dealing with the Data Protection Law, 2017 (Law 33 of 2017), answered 192 inquiries about data protection and received 25 data breach notifications of which nine were resolved, and noted that many of these came from businesses within the financial and legal sectors. In addition, the Report details other achievements such as the completion of an investigation of the first disclosure of improper conduct under the Whistleblower Protection Law (2015).

You can read the Report here.The Australian Communications and Media Authority ('ACMA') published, on 30 July 2020, two reports, one on artificial intelligence ('the AI Report') and another on the Internet of Things ('the IoT Report') in media and communications. In particular, the AI Report highlights regulatory responses to AI, provides an overview of the AI ethics principles created under the AI Ethics Framework, as well as outlines the challenges facing communications and media markets. In addition, the IoT Report covers network infrastructure, spectrum management, equipment standards, and consumer safeguards, as well as outlines the ACMA's IoT activities.

You can read the press release here, download the AI Report here, and download the IoT Report here.The Office of the Data Protection Authority ('ODPA') published, on 30 July 2020, its 2019 annual report ('the Report'). In particular, the Report reiterates the importance placed by the ODPA on preventing harm rather than punishing it, an approach which was highlighted in its 2019-2022 strategic plan. In addition, the Report outlines the progress made towards the ODPA's strategic objectives of delivering its enhanced statutory duties and elevating discussions around the protection of personal data, among others, which include steps, such as playing a vital role in the Bailiwick's ongoing adequacy review by the European Commission, and regularly publishing comments and thought pieces on data related matters. Furthermore, the Report details three anonymous case studies of personal data infringements and their learning outcomes, and highlights key statistics for the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, including the fact that 67 complaints were received, and 50 investigations were conducted by the ODPA.

You can read the press release here, and the Report here.The Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of British Columbia ('OIPC') issued, on 31 July 2020, guidance ('the Guidance') on the collection of personal information at restaurants, bars, gatherings, and events, following the Public Health Officer's ('PHO') two orders on the same for food service establishments, liquor services, and events ('the Food Service Order') as well as for gatherings and events ('the Events Order'). In particular, the Food Service Order requires establishments, if already collecting information from individuals in order to make reservations, to retain contact information for one member of every party for 30 days, while venues hosting an event must retain contact information for every individual for 30 days. In addition, the Events Order requires organisers of events to retain contact information for every individual for 30 days, and if the event takes place at a vacation accommodation, the owner of the rental must retain the contact information provided to the organiser for 30 days.

In this respect, the Guidance assists those subject to these orders with compliance that also meets the requirements to protect individuals' privacy under the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63 ('PIPA'). Specifically, the Guidance highlights the need to inform individuals of data collection practices, ensure collection of only minimum and necessary information, and ensure effective record keeping, record retention, and data security practices.

You can read the Guidance here, the Food Service Order here, and the Events Order here.The National Institute of Standards and Technology ('NIST') released, on 31 July 2020, the Draft NIST Special Publication ('SP') 800-53B, on control baselines for information systems and organisations, for public comment. In particular, NIST highlighted that SP 800-53B seeks to provide security control baselines for low-impact, moderate-impact, and high-impact federal systems, as well as privacy control baselines for all systems irrespective of impact level. In addition, NIST outlined that SP 800-53B provides guidance on the control section process for organisations and the development of overlays to facilitate the customisation of control baselines for specific communities of interest, technologies, and environments of operation.

Comments on SP 800-53B can be submitted to [email protected] by 11 September 2020.

You can read the press release here and the Draft SP 800-53B here.The Interactive Advertising Bureau ('IAB') Europe published, on 31 July 2020, a blogpost ('the Blogpost') by IAB's Privacy and Compliance Manager, Ninon Vagner, outlining best practices for publishers to help implement the Transparency and Consent Framework 2.0 ('TCF 2.0') by 15 August 2020. In particular, the Blogpost highlights that TCF 2.0 is designed to standardise the collection and transmission of user choice and transparency to ensure alignment of the digital advertising supply chain can with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') and Directive on Privacy and Electronic Communications (Directive 2002/58/EC) ('the ePrivacy Directive') requirements. More specifically, the Blogpost outlines that, among other things, publishers will need to publicly show compliance with TCF policies and specification, for instance in their privacy policy, to use a consent management provider ('CMP') which offers interfaces for users to set their preferences for purposes and vendors, as well as to establish specific legal bases for the data processing. In addition, the Blogpost notes that for third-party data processors publishers are advised to ask them to verify their signals prior to storing and/or accessing the information on users' devices or processing personal data.

You can read the Blogpost here.The Russian State Parliament ('Duma') announced, on 3 August 2020, that amendments were made to the Federal Law 'On the National Payment System' and the Federal Law 'On the Central Bank of the Russian Federation (Bank of Russia)' ('the Amendments'). In particular, Duma noted that, from 3 August 2020, individuals will not be able to replenish electronic wallets without prior identification. In addition, under the Amendments, identification requirements will apply to all payments made using electronic money, including transports cards, as well as services for paying school meals. Moreover, Duma noted that the Amendments are necessary to restrict suspicious transactions used, among other things, for illegal financial transactions including those aimed at financing terrorism or drug trafficking.

You can read the press release here and access the Amendments here, both only available in Russian.The Polish data protection authority ('UODO') issued, on 31 July 2020, a statement noting the employer's right to display the best performance of employees, while ensuring that the principles of data minimisation and purpose limitation under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') are complied with. In addition, the UODO highlighted, among other things, that such processing can be justified by the employer's legitimate interest as a data controller to ensure an effective functioning of the workplace, who must further demonstrate that his/her interests override those of the data subject's, pursuant to Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. Furthermore, the UODO stated that employers should take measures to protect employees' rights and freedoms, such as ensuring that the results of employees' appraisals are not published in an accessible place.

You can read the statement, only available in Polish, here.Insurance Europe announced, on 3 August 2020, that it had published an insight briefing ('the Insight Briefing') about the European insurance industry's views on artificial intelligence ('AI'). Furthermore, Insurance Europe outlined three challenges in maximising the benefit for both consumers and themselves in their use of AI. Firstly, Insurance Europe noted that when developing AI systems, insurers face restricted access to data from the public sector, and stated that, for maximum societal benefit, such datasets should be available for free and in a machine-readable format. In addition, Insurance Europe highlighted that the non-personal data for some AI applications is also sometimes concentrated in the hands of a few entities, resulting in restricted or expensive access to data that could improve AI systems and better serve customers.

Insurance Europe further noted in the Insight Briefing that insurers would like to see a holistic approach to regulation. Moreover, Insurance Europe stated that the EU legal framework already covers areas relevant to AI such as fundamental rights, privacy, and data protection, as well as product safety and liability, which is then complemented by national regulatory frameworks. To support the development and uptake of AI, and to avoid unnecessary regulatory burdens, Insurance Europe noted that a horizontal, proportionate, and principles-based AI regulatory framework is needed that builds on existing EU and national regulatory frameworks. Insurance Europe also opined that there is currently a lack of effective collaboration between authorities with responsibilities in the field of digitalisation and that there is a need for all national authorities, whether they are responsible for the conduct of business, prudential regulation, competition, or data protection, to work closely together and ensure consistency in applying the rules to further develop the digital single market.

Furthermore, Insurance Europe stipulated that new EU rules for AI are only required if there are gaps in existing legislation, and for this reason, European (re)insurers do not support the creation of a civil liability regime for the use of AI because developing any kind of strict liability and compulsory insurance scheme for AI would not work. In addition, as Insurance Europe noted in the Insight Briefing, the conditions for mandatory insurance, which include sufficient similarity in the risks being covered and sufficient data on the risks, are not met. Moreover, Insurance Europe called for existing legislation to be reviewed to see if it creates barriers to AI, for example, further guidance on the application of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). Finally, Insurance Europe called for the deployment of ethical, trustworthy, and human-centric AI via an appropriate, risk-based, and proportionate regulatory framework. The scope of the framework should be targeted only at those AI applications with proven high risk and significant effects on the rights of individuals, as not all uses of AI pose significant risks or directly impact consumers. In the context of financial services legislation, and insurance, in particular, principles such as transparency, fairness, accountability, and ethics are to some extent already addressed by rules on the conduct of business and disclosure, while rules on advice apply whether the recommendation is provided by a human or by AI.

You can read the press release here and the Insight Briefing here.The National Institute of Standards and Technology ('NIST') published, on 31 July 2020, Special Publication (SP) 800-210, General Access Control Guidance for Cloud Systems ('the Guidance'). In particular, the Guidance presents an initial step toward understanding the security challenges in cloud systems by analysing the access control considerations in the three cloud service delivery models, namely Infrastructure as a Service ('IaaS'), Platform as a Service ('PaaS'), and Software as a Service ('SaaS'). Specifically, the Guidance summarises, among other things, essential characteristics that would affect the cloud's access control design, including broad network access, resource pooling, rapid elasticity, measured service, and data sharing, as well as proposes guidance and recommendations for access control design of IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS in order to facilitate future implementations for such systems.

You can read the press release here and the Guidance here.The European Banking Authority ('EBA') launched, on 31 July 2020, a public consultation aimed at revising its guidelines on internal governance for credit institutions. In particular, the draft guidelines on internal governance under Directive (EU) 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms ('the Draft Guidelines') highlight that internal governance includes all standards and principles concerned with setting credit institutions' objectives, strategies and risk management frameworks. Furthermore, the Draft Guidelines outline that combatting money laundering and terrorist financing is essential for maintaining stability and integrity in the financial system. In addition, the Draft Guidelines note that credit institutions should avoid setting up non-transparent structures and undertake a risk assessment to ensure that such structures are not connected with money laundering, terrorist financing or other financial crimes. Moreover, the Draft Guidelines include rules on internal alert procedures and whistleblowing, and state that such procedures must ensure the protection of the personal data of persons reporting the breach and persons allegedly responsible of the breach in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR').

The deadline for submission of comments is 31 October 2020.

You can read the press release here and the Draft Guidelines here.The Australian Data and Digital Council ('ADDC') announced, on 31 July 2020, that it will develop a National Digital Identity Roadmap as part of its commitment to aligning with the Trusted Digital Identity Framework. In particular, the ADDC highlighted that taking a national approach would ensure consistency and interoperability across jurisdictions on digital identity verification, support the ability for commonly held digital identities to be re-used across jurisdictions, and enhance the experience for individuals and businesses interacting with government and across government boundaries.

You can read the press release here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 31 July 2020, a statement ('the Statement') addressing the collection of personal data by entertainment venues in the context of the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic. In particular, the AEPD held that although personal data is collected in order to trace the infection of Coronavirus, such data is not classified as sensitive personal data. Moreover, the AEPD highlighted that if consent is used as a legal basis for data processing, no negative consequences, such as the prevention of entry, could be imposed to persons that do not want to provide consent. In addition, the AEPD found that a mandatory obligation to provide personal data can be based on a legal obligation and Article 6(1)(e) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') as it would be justified by the public interest. Furthermore, the AEPD found that health authorities should assess in which public spaces it is necessary to impose a mandatory identification requirement, taking into account whether there could be more moderate measures and the specificities of the sphere, highlighting among other things, nightclubs and museums.

Finally, the AEPD held that the principle of data minismisation must be respected and that it can sometimes be sufficient to obtain a telephone number to trace an infection. The AEPD found that identification through a national identiy card is always unnecessary because it is considered to be disproportionate.

You can read the Statement, only available in Spanish, here.The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada ('OPC') issued, on 31 July 2020, a statement along with the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario ('IPC') following their review of the COVID Alert exposure notification application ('the App'), and issued a review and recommendations on the same. In particular, the OPC and IPC noted that they support the use of the App as it had now met all the privacy principles previously highlighted in a joint statement on COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') contact tracing apps, which included principles of consent and trust, necessity and proportionality, purpose limitation, de-identification, time limitation, transparency, accountability, and safeguards. Specifically, the OPC and IPC highlighted, among other things, that use of the App is voluntary and has been developed with robust safeguards to protect user identities, and although there is still a risk that third parties may seek to compel the disclosure of information on individuals' use of the App, the OPC and IPC have undertaken to communicate publicly that individuals should not be required to use the App or to disclose information about their use.

You can read the press release here, the review of the OPC here, and the recommendations of the IPC here.The Australian Cyber Security Centre ('ACSC') released, on 2 August 2020, guidance ('the Guidance') on mitigating ransomware threats for aged care and healthcare sectors following recent ransomware campaigns. In particular, the Guidance outlines a number of recommendations, including that organisations should report cyber incidents to the ACSC, identify and backup critical information and systems, undergo regular patching to keep systems and software up to date, as well as use antivirus software on all devices.

You can read the Guidance here.The U.S. Department of Commerce's International Trade Administration ('ITA') updated, on 31 July 2020, its frequently asked questions ('FAQs') in relation to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework ('the Privacy Shield'), following the Court of Justice of the European Union's judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18). In particular, the ITA noted that the judgment does not relieve participants in the Privacy Shield of their obligations under the framework and that the US remains committed to working with the EU to ensure continuity in transatlantic data flows and privacy protections. Furthermore, the ITA highlighted that the continued participation in the Privacy Shield demonstrates a serious commitment to protect personal information and that it continues to administer the program, including processing submissions for self-certification and re-certification to the Privacy Shield and maintaining the Privacy Shield List.

You can read the updated FAQs here.The Information Commissioner ('the Commissioner') published, on 30 July 2020, an infographic ('the Infographic') illustrating the rights and obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Infographic provides information on data subject rights, records of processing activities, and requirements for the drafting of a controller-processor agreement, among other things.

You can read the press release here and the Infographic here, both only available in Slovenian.The Information Technology Industry Council ('ITI') sent, on 30 July 2020, a joint industry letter ('the Letter') to European and US regulators urging them to negotiate a successor agreement to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield ('the Privacy Shield'), following its invalidation by the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the Letter welcomes the CJEU's upholding of Standard Contractual Clauses ('SCCs') as a valid transfer mechanism, and goes on to encourage the US and EU governments to work together to ensure that companies can fully and safely rely on data transfer mechanisms, as well as to ensure the long-term viability of SCCs in order to avoid legal uncertainty and economic harm. In addition, the Letter notes the importance of EU data protection authorities providing guidance to companies that were using Privacy Shield to transfer data in order to allow them to continue business operations until a successor agreement is reached.

You can read the press release here and the Letter here.The Information Commissioner ('the Commissioner') issued, on 30 July 2020, a statement reiterating the inadequate legal basis for the operation of the mobile application ('the App') for informing people about contact with those infected of COVID-19 ('Coronavirus'). In particular, the Commissioner highlighted that the Data Protection Impact Assessment ('DPIA') carried out in respect of the data processing through the App does not remedy the serious deficiencies in the law and the risks arising from the ambiguities as to whether there is a clear and constitutional legal basis for the processing of personal data related to the operation of the App. In addition, the Commissioner emphasised that such a high risk cannot be mitigated by organisational measures alone, and noted that the mere fact that the use of contact tracing applications is voluntary does not mean that the processing of personal data will be based on consent, as is the case of public authorities providing a service by delegation, where the most relevant legal basis for processing would be that processing is necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest, as provided under Article 6(1)(e) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR').

You can read the statement, only available in Slovenian, here.The Danish data protection authority ('Datatilsynet') issued, on 31 July 2020, its decision ('the Decision') expressing serious criticism of the Region of Southern Denmark for failing to conduct the necessary risk assessment and testing during the development of an IT system, which led to the unauthorised access of pregnant women's names, social security numbers, and information regarding the pregnancy in violation of Articles 32(1), 33(5), and 34(2) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). Moreover, the Datatilsynet noted that the Region of Southern Denmark had reported a breach of personal data security, and that the Decision had been on the basis of a lack of risk assessment of processing, a lack of measures regarding development and testing, a lack of timely documentation of the circumstances of the breach, and deficiencies in the notification to data subjects.

In particular, the Datatilsynet highlighted that in the notification to the data subjects, the Region of Southern Denmark had only stated that names and social security numbers had been exposed, despite the fact that information on pregnancy could also be deduced from the exposed information and the context in which the information was included. Furthermore, the Datatilsynet noted that because the data controller must document data breaches, avoid similar breaches in the future, and possibly inform the affected data subjects, it is essential for GDPR compliance that the data controller has mechanisms that ensure knowledge of the incidents, and that it can recognise and document an understanding of the circumstances of the breach.

You can read the press release here, and the Decision here, both only available in Danish.The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ('APEC') published, on 20 July 2020, a report ('the Report') on a standards and process-based approach to enhancing cybersecurity. In particular, the Report recommends the adoption of a five-function framework to guide and supplement the use of globally relevant cybersecurity standards and good practices. Furthermore, the Report reviews the different cybersecurity approaches adopted by APEC economies and discusses trends in cybersecurity approaches, where differences may be barriers and inadvertently restrict free and open trade, as well as how APEC economies can better align on cybersecurity risk management and adopt a standards and process-based approach to enhance regional trade.

You can read the press release here and download the Report here.The National Supervisory Authority for Personal Data Processing ('ANSPDCP') announced, on 30 July 2020, that it had imposed a RON 9,680 (approx. €2,000) fine on SC Viva Credit IFN SA for failure to adequately respond to a data subject's request for erasure of its data under Article 17 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the ANSPDCP highlighted that the operator had not provided the applicant with information on the actions taken following the request within one month (or up to three months if a reason for the delay is provided). In addition, the ANSPDCP noted the obligation, under Article 12(3) of the GDPR, to respond to data subject requests without undue delay and at the latest within one month from the receipt of the request. Therefore, the ANSPDCP requested that the company respond to the data subject request.

You can read the announcement, only available in Romanian, here.The Korea Internet & Security Agency ('KISA') published, on 31 July 2020, a privacy consultation casebook for privacy professionals ('the Casebook') covering a variety of cases where data protection issues were raised during 2019. In particular, the Casebook features chapters with cases and issues on topics including collection of data, use of personal information and its provision to third parties, deletion of data, data subject rights, and use of CCTV systems.

You can download the Casebook, only available in Korean, here.The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') published, on 30 July 2020, a blog post announcing the issuance of guidance ('the Guidance') on artificial intelligence ('AI') and data protection as part of the development of its wider AI framework ('the Framework'). In particular, the Framework consists of a methodology for auditing AI to ensure personal data is fairly processed, focusing on best practices including auditing tools and procedures that will be used by the ICO in investigations, detailed guidance on AI and data protection, and a toolkit providing practical support to organisations carrying out internal audits of AI systems.

More specifically, the Guidance covers the accountability and governance implications of AI; requirements for ensuring lawfulness, fairness, and transparency in AI systems; assessments for security and data minimisation in AI; and methods for ensuring individual rights are respected within AI systems. In addition, the Guidance is aimed at both those with a focus on compliance such as data protection officers ('DPO'), as well as technology specialists. Furthermore, the Guidance recommends, among other things, conducting a Data Protection Impact Assessment ('DPIA') on the AI system to demonstrate compliance, and using techniques to aid in data minimisation and effective AI development which include implementing risk management practices and starting with mapping out machine learning processes in which personal data might be used.

You can read the blog post here and the Guidance here.The Office of the Personal Data Protection Inspector ('PDP') issued, on 30 July 2020, a statement ('the Statement') on its work on the protection of personal data in the field of artificial intelligence ('AI'). In particular, the PDP highlighted that in order to ensure a high standard of personal data protection in the field of AI, the PDP is launching an active work process. In addition, the PDP highlighted that they, in close coordination with the target agencies, organisations, and academia, plans to conduct research at the national level, prepare relevant initiatives, and implement activities, outlining that these measures will significantly contribute to the coordination of activities in response to existing challenges and the formation of a unified approach.

You can read the press release, only available in Georgian, here.The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner ('OAIC') released, on 31 July 2020, its Notifiable Data Breaches Report for 1 January 2020 to 30 June 2020 ('the Report'). In particular, the Report outlines that 518 breaches were notified to the OAIC, which is a 3% decrease compared to the previous six months, and that malicious or criminal attacks including cyber incidents were the leading cause of data breaches, accounting for 61% of all notifications, while data breaches resulting from human error accounted for 34% of all breaches. Furthermore, the Report notes that the health sector was the highest reporting sector, notifying 22% of all breaches, with the financial sector notifying 14% of all breaches. In addition, the Report highlights that most data breaches affected less than 100 individuals and that contact information remains the most common type of personal information involved in a data breach.

Finally, the OAIC outlined that notifications made under the My Health Records Act 2012 were not included in the Report as they are subject to specific notification requirements set out in the same.

You can read the press release here and the Report here.The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ('FinCEN') issued, on 30 July 2020, an advisory ('the Advisory') to alert financial institutions of cybercrime and cyber-enabled crime connected to the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic. In particular, the Advisory aims to aid financial institutions in detecting, preventing, and reporting potential Coronavirus-related criminal activity, and outlines the targeting and exploitation of remote platforms and processes, phishing, malware, and extortion, as well as business email compromise schemes. More specifically, the Advisory discusses unsolicited emails and digital manipulation of identity documentation, among other things, as well as providing financial institutions with information on how to deal with such security incidents.

You can read the Advisory here.The Spanish National Cybersecurity Institute ('INCIBE') announced, on 30 July 2020, that it had issued a guide ('the Guide') on cybersecurity for the industrial sector. In particular, INCIBE outlined that industries have been adopting new technologies in order to quickly manage their production, stock of materials, and location, establishing at the same time communication between their headquarters and departments in different geographical locations. In addition, the Guide addresses, among other things, the reasons why cybersecurity is important for the industry sector, the most relevant threats, and the importance of cybersecurity training and awareness.

You can read the press release here and the Guide here, both only available in Spanish.The Swedish data protection authority ('Datainspektionen') issued, on 31 July 2020, guidance on camera surveillance in public transport ('the Guidance'). In particular, the Guidance highlights that from 1 August 2020, in some cases public transport operators do not need to apply for a permit for camera surveillance and that this exception applies when the surveillance is to take place for crime prevention purposes or is aimed at preventing or detecting disturbances of public order and safety or accidents. In addition, the Guidance notes that the exemption from the permit requirement applies if the monitoring takes place in a number of limited circumstances, such as in an airport or in a station, terminal, or stop area intended for travel by public transport by road, rail, water, tramway, or metro.

Moreover, the Guidance notes that in order to be allowed to surveil in order to prevent, deter, or detect criminal activity or to investigate or prosecute crime, it is generally required that the guarded place is exposed to crime.

You can read the Guidance, only available in Swedish, here.Insurance Europe announced, on 30 July 2020, that it had issued its response ('the Response') to the European Commission's public consultation on common European data spaces. In particular, Insurance Europe outlined that it welcomes the objectives of the Commission's roadmap, which aims to make more data held by the public sector available for research and innovative uses, as well as to enhance overall data use in the economy by lowering transaction costs, addressing interoperability and standardisation, and facilitating voluntary data sharing. However, Insurance Europe recalls that the realisation of the above objectives depends on the specific mechanism or instrument that is adopted, as the nature of certain policy options is not sufficiently clear at this point, such as in the case of the creation of European coordination bodies, as well as in relation to a common European consent form.

You can read the press release here and the Response here.The National Supervisory Authority for Personal Data Processing ('ANSPDCP') announced, on 30 July 2020, that is has imposed a RON 9,686.60 (approx. €2,000) fine on Romanian Post National Company for its failure to implement adequate technical and organisational measures to safeguard personal data under Article 32 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the ANSPDCP highlighted that there had been a breach of the personal data, namely telephone numbers and email addresses, of 81 data subjects, and that Romanian Post, as the data controller, had failed to implement adequate technical and organisational measures, such as pseudonymisation.

You can read the announcement, only available in Romanian, here.The Financial Intelligence Unit ('FIU') released, on 24 July 2020, its report on financial penalties ('the Report') under the Financial Transactions Reporting Act, No. 06 of 2006 concerning anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism ('AML/CFT). In particular, the Report notes that during the year of 2019 it had imposed fines to the sum total of SRS 5 million (approx €23,000) and until May 2020 a sum total of SRS 1 million (approx €4,590).

You can view the Report here.The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission ('ACCC') launched, on 31 July 2020, a public consultation on its draft code of conduct ('the Draft Code') to address bargaining power imbalances between Australian news media businesses and digital platforms, specifically Google LLC and Facebook, Inc. In particular, the Draft Code includes a number of minimum standards such as providing advance notice of changes to algorithmic ranking and presentation of news and information about how and when Google and Facebook make available user data collected through users' interactions with news content.

Comments can be submitted to [email protected] by 28 August 2020.

You can read the press release here.The Council of the European Union ('the Council') announced, on 30 July 2020, that it had issued its Decision (CFSP) 2020/1127 of 30 July 2020 amending Decision (CFSP) 2019/797 concerning Restrictive Measures against Cyber-attacks Threatening the Union or its Member States ('the Decision'), imposing its first ever sanctions against cyber attacks. In particular, the Council outlined that it had imposed restrictive measures against six individuals and three entities responsible for or involved in various cyber attacks. Specifically, the Council highlighted that the sanctions include a travel ban and an asset freeze, as well as that EU persons and entities are forbidden from making funds available to the listed subjects. In addition, the Council recalled that it is the first time that it had used this tool under the EU's cyber diplomacy toolbox, which aims to prevent, deter, and respond to malicious cyber activities directed against the EU or its Member States.

You can read the press release here and the Decision here.The Japanese National Center of Incident Readiness and Strategy for Cybersecurity ('NISC') issued, on 30 July 2020, a statement warning against cybersecurity threats associated with summer vacation. In particular, the NISC highlighted cybersecurity risks including teleworking, spam emails, and out of date software. Specifically, the NISC noted, in relation to teleworking, that individuals should ensure the usage of correct authentication configurations, including multi-factor authentication, as well as the adoption of strong access restrictions. Moreover, the NISC noted that users should be careful when opening trial emails after long vacations, as they may contain malwares. Lastly, the NISC cautions about vulnerabilities that may result from the delayed software updates incurred during holidays.

You can read the statement, only available in Japanese, here.The National Development Council ('NDC') announced, on 29 July 2020, that it had launched its MyData platform ('the Platform'). In particular, the NDC noted that the Platform is meant to promote the autonomous use of personal data by allowing individuals to download and use personalised data on their own or agree to its transmission to third parties. Moreover, the NDC highlighted that the Platform does not store personal data and allows users to request personal data usage records to understand the flow of their personal data. Furthemore, the NDC emphasised that the Platform uses encryption during the transmission process and production of data files to enhance data security.

You can read the press release, only available in Chinese, here.The Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission ('MCMC') announced, on 30 July 2020, the termination of Malaysia's contact tracing app, Gerak Malaysia ('the App'), launched in order to help to track COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') cases. In particular, the MCMC noted that the App will be terminated from 31 July 2020 and all personal data will be submitted to the Ministry of Health. Moreover, the MCMC emphasised that all movement records stored on the App will be destroyed.

You can read the press release, only available in Malay, here.The Centre for Data Ethics and Innovation ('CDEI') published, on 29 July 2020, its June repository ('the Repository') on novel use-cases of artificial intelligence ('AI') and data to counter and mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic. In particular, the Repository highlights a move of the focus of use-cases from managing the immediate public health crisis towards building future resilience, whilst the majority of the same are still related to health and social care. In relation to the health and social care sector, the Repository lists developments, including the Strategic Commands Innovation Hub ('the jHub') partnering with NHSx to coordinate and facilitate the secure transfer of epidemiology data from third-party Coronavirus apps to NHSx (Project OASIS), and the development of Skin Analytics aiming to reduce delays in skin cancer detection during the Coronavirus outbreak, through a series of clinically validated AI algorithms that can help identify skin cancer. In addition, and in relation to infrastructure developments, the Repository outlines cases such as the creation of a centralised UK database containing chest images from X-ray, CT, and MRI scans, aiming at improving healthcare, and the development of a new secure analytics platform for electronic health records, which will allow trusted researchers to safely run large-scale computation across these records, thus improving safe health data sharing.

You can read the Repository here.The National Information Security Standardisation Technical Committee of China ('TC260') released, on 29 July 2020, a draft national standard for mobile apps' permission systems ('the Draft Standard'). In particular, the TC260 noted that the Draft Standard is meant to reduce personal information and privacy risks associated with improper access to mobile apps. Specifically, the Draft Standard outlines the basic principles and general requirements for permission systems including increased user authorisation as well as explicit access requirements for sensitive personal information. Moreover, the Draft Standard provides specific guidance for permission systems on Android and iOS.

Comments can be submitted via email to [email protected] until 12 August 2020.

You can read the press release here and the Draft Standards here, both only available in Chinese.The Hungarian National Tax and Customs Administration ('NAV') issued, on 6 July 2020, a Statement on the amendments of Act CXXVII of 2007 on Value Added Tax ('the VAT Act') that entered into force on 1 July 2020 ('the Amendments Statement'). In particular, NAV announced that under the amended VAT Act, the monetary condition for the obligation to provide information is abolished and that all invoices issued by a taxable person to another domestic taxable person for a domestic transaction (excluding intra-community supplies of goods), regardless of the VAT content of the invoice, must be reported to NAV. Moreover, NAV announced that because the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') emergency situation prevented taxpayers to adequately prepare for the new legal obligation, it will grant a transition period at least until 30 September 2020, during which it will not impose a penalty if the taxpayer fails to fulfil their obligation to provide the required account data.

The NAV issued, on 8 July 2020, an additional Statement ('the Additional Statement') highlighting that the amendments of the VAT Act require that the first eight digits of the tax number of the person purchasing a product or using a service must be indicated on the invoice issued for a domestic transaction. However, NAV stressed that this is only necessary if a person subject to VAT acquires a product or uses a service, and held that an invoice can therefore continue to be issued without a customer tax number if the person acquiring the product and using the service is not a VAT payer. Furthermore, the NAV provided examples for situations in which the requirements do not apply such as a national or foreign private person or an international organisation.

Finally, NAV held that if a customer who purchases the product and uses a service declares, orally or in writing, that they do not have a tax number or are not subject to VAT in a specific transaction, the invoice does not have to include a customer tax number.

You can read the Amendments Statement here and the Additional Statement here, both only available in Hungarian.The Electronic Frontier Foundation ('EFF') issued, on 29 July 2020, a statement in relation to Proposition 24 for the California Privacy Rights Act ('CPRA') which seeks to amend the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ('CCPA'), noting that it does not support it, nor does it oppose it. In particular, the EFF highlighted that the CPRA does not do enough to advance the data privacy of California consumers as it is a mixed bag of partial steps backwards and forwards and includes some but not most of the strengthening amendments urged by privacy advocates. Furthermore, the EFF outlined that the CPRA would expand 'pay for privacy' schemes, erode the right to delete personal information, provide weaker biometric privacy, and not empower consumers to sue businesses that violate privacy rights. However, the EFF noted that the CPRA also provides for an opt-out right for sensitive information and data sharing and also expands the private right of action in relation to data breaches.

You can read the press release here.The European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations ('EFPIA') issued, on 29 July 2020, a statement on the Court Justice of the European Union ('CJEU') ruling of 16 July 2020 in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'), urging the European authorities to collaborate with US authorities in order to find a long-term basis for transatlantic data transfers and to make elaborate sectoral contractual clauses. In particular, EFPIA highlighted that, in light of the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic, disruption to data flows can jeopardise public health and that international data transfers are important for the improvement of treatment, patient safety, monitoring of drug reactions, and enabling innovative therapies.

You can read the statement here.The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of New Zealand ('OPCNZ') released, on 30 July 2020, a statement welcoming the findings of an investigation into the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') patient privacy breach. In particular, the OPCNZ highlighted that a confidential list of details including the names, dates of birth, ages, and quarantine locations of 18 active confirmed cases of Coronavirus had been leaked. Furthermore, the OPCNZ outlined that the Privacy Act 1993 ('the Act') and the Health Information Privacy Code 1994 both include exceptions for the disclosure of information where necessary to prevent or lessen a serious threat to public health. However, the OPCNZ noted that the findings of the investigation, which were that the motivations behind each disclosure, had been political.

Privacy Commissioner, John Edwards, stated, ''The State Services Commission has referred the report to my office to consider what further action, if any, under the Act is appropriate. [However], the Privacy Commissioner has no ability to issue penalties against individuals or organisations and has no jurisdiction over Members of Parliament. It remains open to any of the individuals whose information was subject to the breaches to make complaints to my office.''

You can read the press release here.The European Data Protection Board ('EDPB') published, on 28 July 2020, a letter ('the Letter') in response to questions from Sophie in ‘t Veld, Olivier Chastel, Moritz Körner, Maite Pagazaurtundúa, Michal Šimečka, and Ramona Strugariu, members of the European Parliament ('MEPs'), on the possible expansion of the Prüm framework. In particular, the Letter recalls that the EDPB has not been consulted, formally or informally, by the Council of the European Union or the European Commission on this matter. However, the Letter outlines that it is essential that the Prüm framework undergoes a comprehensive and independent evaluation with regard to its compliance with the current data protection acquis, prior to any envisioned expansion or amendment.

In addition, the Letter highlights that whether the Prüm legal framework may be expanded to include retrospective facial recognition, in line with EU law, would depend on the details of the possible expansion and data protection safeguards foreseen. Moreover, the Letter states that the addition of retrospective facial recognition for the purpose of identifying a person within the Prüm legal framework would require a dedicated legal basis under EU law, as well as a thorough impact assessment, in order to ensure that the necessity and proportionality of such measure, and the essence of the fundamental right to data protection are respected.

Finally, the Letter reminds that the EDPB stands ready to provide further in-depth guidance, should a legislative proposal be envisioned, as well as that it will prepare guidelines on the use of facial recognition technology by law enforcement authorities.

You can read the Letter here.The European Banking Authority ('EBA') announced, on 29 July 2020, that it had called on financial institutions to finalise preparations for the end of the transition period between the EU and the UK, that will expire on 31 December 2020. In particular, the EBA reminds to UK-authorised payment and electronic money institutions wishing to continue to offer services to EU-based customers that it is illegal for them to provide payment or electronic money services in the EU after 31 December 2020, unless they have been adequately authorised beforehand by an EU competent authority.

You can read the press release here.The Italian data protection authority ('Garante') announced, on 29 July 2020, that its new composition, as elected by the Italian Parliament, had its first meeting and took office on the same day. In particular, the Garante outlined that Pasquale Stanzione and Ginevra Cerrina Feroni have been elected President and Vice President respectively.

You can read the press release here and access the new members' profiles here, both only available in Italian.The Monetary Authority of Singapore ('MAS') announced, on 28 July 2020, that it has revoked the Capital Markets Services ('CMS') licence of Apical Asset Management Pte. Ltd for serious breaches of MAS' anti-money laundering/countering the financing of terrorism ('AML/CFT') requirements. In particular, MAS highlighted that Apical Asset Management did not have basic AML/CFT policies and procedures in place, which exposed Apical Asset Management to the risk of receiving and/or laundering the proceeds of crime. Furthermore, MAS outlined Apical Asset Management had not conducted an enterprise-wide AML/CFT risk assessment, assessed its customers to determine whether they presented a higher risk, conducted enhanced monitoring of a fund related to a politically exposed person for a significant length of time, or subjected its AML/CFT controls to independent audits to assess their effectiveness.

You can read the press release here.The Danish Data Protection Authority ('Datatilsynet') issued, on 29 July 2020, its decision ('the Decision') expressing serious criticism of MaCom A/S for passing on parts of upper secondary schools students' assignments to researchers from the Department of Computer Science at the University of Copenhagen for development of plagiarism programs. In particular, the Datatilsynet found that answering questions can be regarded as personal data, as they are an expression of the answering person's thinking, judgment, and critical sense. Furthermore, the Datatilsynet noted in its assessment, that, in relation to the degree of seriousness of violation, MaCom could not account for the number of extracts that were disclosed or the number of times the disclosure took place. However, the Datatilsynet considered, among other things, that the information had been passed on for scientific purposes and for a societal purpose, and that the transfer has taken place in pseudonymised form, to be mitigating circumstances.

You can read the press release here, and the Decision here, both only available in Danish.The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry ('METI') released on 29 July 2020, draft guidelines on cyber/physical security for smart appliances ('the Smart Appliance Guidelines') and the privacy governance guidebook ('the Guidebook'). In particular, the Smart Appliance Guidelines highlights threats related to user privacy, data security, and Internet of Things ('IoT'), and specifies methods for business operators and service providers to minimise cybersecurity risks and ensure the protection of personal information and privacy. Correspondingly, the Guidebook notes that it is meant to aid companies, that provide products and services by utilising personal data, comply with privacy and data protection legislation. Particularly, the Guidebook recommends the appointment of an individual responsible for privacy protection and the adoption of Privacy by Design and Privacy Impact Assessments to protect customer privacy and data.

Public comments for the Smart Appliance Guideline can be submitted here until 31 August 2020 and for the Guidebook here until 12 August 2020.

You can access the Smart Appliance Guideline here and the Guidebook here, both only available in Japanese.None of your business ('NOYB') published, on 28 July 2020, an exchange of letters ('the Letters') in which Maximilian Schrems asks the Irish Data Protection Commissioner ('DPC') to take action with regards to his complaint against Facebook Ireland Ltd., filed on 25 June 2013, following the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case') on international data transfers. In particular, Schrems states that the CJEU highlighted that it was within the DPC's power to stop data transfers to the US by making a decision on the Standard Contractual Clauses that Facebook relied on and that the DPC has a duty to take such action.

Furthermore, Schrems requests a clear outline of the steps that the DPC will take to implement the CJEU's judgment, noting that there are no clear steps under Irish procedural law, and highlights that in its first response on the matter, the DPC refused to outline such steps. Additionally, Schrems therefore submitted a legal request asking the DPC to provide any remaining documentation provided to it by Facebook since 25 June 2013 regarding the complaint, and to clarify the legal basis that Facebook relies on for their EU-US data transfers by 31 July 2020. Moreover, Schrems highlights that this information is required to be kept by Facebook under Article 30(1)(e) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), and made public under Articles 13(1)(f) and 14(1) of the GDPR.

Finally, Schrems asks for a final decision to be issued by the DPC on 1 October 2020.

You can read the NOYB press release here and the Letters here.The Secretary General of Council of Europe ('CoE') published, on 9 July 2020, its annual report ('the Annual Report') and toolkit ('the Toolkit') aiming to give guidance with respect to human rights particularly during the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic. In particular, the Annual Report highlights, among other things, the fundamental rights standards, including privacy and data protection. More specifically, the Annual Report states that data protection safeguards must be implemented to protect people when adopting extraordinary measures such as contact tracing apps, that confidentiality of health data must be preserved, and that emphasis should be given to children's rights when using online learning tools. In addition, the Toolkit highlights that large-scale processing of personal data by means of artificial intelligence should only take place when scientific evidence proves that potential public health benefits override the benefits of other less intrusive solutions.

You can read the press release here, the Annual Report here, and the Toolkit here.The Danish Data Protection Authority ('Datatilsynet') announced, on 28 July 2020, that it had recommended Arp-Hansen Hotel Group A/S for a fine of DKK 1,100,000 (approx. €147,800) and reported it to the police for failure to delete the personal data of 500,000 customers in violation of Article 5(1)(e) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Datatilsynet highlighted that during an inspection, it reviewed a number of systems with a view to examining whether Arp-Hansen had sufficient procedures to ensure that personal data were not stored for longer than was necessary for the purposes for which the data were processed. Furthermore, the Datatilsynet noted that, during the course of the inspection, it discovered that a booking system contained a lot of personal data that should have been deleted in accordance with Arp-Hansen's own set deletion deadlines and was also able to establish that there were so-called customer profiles, which, after Arp-Hansen's own deletion deadlines, should have been deleted several years earlier.

You can read the announcement, only available in Danish, here.The Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC') announced, on 25 June 2020, that Novartis AG, had agreed to pay over $112 million to resolve charges that it violated the books and records and internal accounting controls of the Foreign Corrupt Practice Act ('FCPA'). In particular, the SEC Order ('the Order') states that, between 2012 and 2016, in South Korea, Vietnam, and Greece, Novartis or Alcon local subsidiaries engaged in schemes to make improper payments or to provide benefits to public and private health care providers in exchange for increased use of their products in said markets. Furthermore, the Order notes that, from 2013 to 2015, former Alcon Asia business' internal accounting control weaknesses associated with Equipment Financing Arrangements ('EFA') in China resulted in, among other things, forged contracts and significant EFA accounts receivable balance. As part of the Order, Novartis consented to comply with a three-year undertaking to self-report on the status of its remediation and implementation of compliance measures. Finally, the SEC outlined that subsidiaries of Novartis and Alcon entered into deferred prosecution agreements with the Department of Justice ('DOJ') and have agreed to pay more than $233 million in criminal fines in relation to the FPCA violations.

You can read the SEC press release here, the DOJ press release here, and the Order here.The Data Protection Office ('the Office') published, on 20 July 2020, a communique ('the Communique') on Data Protection (Fees) Regulations 2020 ('the Regulations'). In particular, the Office highlighted that the Regulations, which concern the new fees for registration of controllers and processors, will come into force on 1 August 2020, and that all controllers and processors will be required to make a fresh registration as from this date. In addition, the Communique noted that failure to register or renew the registration certificate(s) after the moratory period of three months from the commencement of the Regulations, may amount to an offence under the Data Protection Act 2017 and consequently, a fine not exceeding MUR 200,000 (approx. €4,230) and imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years on conviction may be imposed.

You can read the Communique here.The Personal Information Protection Commission ('PPC') issued, on 29 July 2020, administrative measures pursuant to Article 42(2) of the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (Act No. 57 of 2003 as amended in 2016) ('APPI') for the illegal posting of personal information online without consent. In particular, the PPC highlighted that two businesses had posted information on their website about the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings without the consent of third parties. Consequently, the PPC has ordered the immediate cessation of the websites operation and has requested the notification and publication of the purpose of processing as well as the consent of the third parties. Finally, the PPC emphasised that the companies must respond to the administrative measures before 27 August 2020, or criminal charges pursuant to Article 84 of the APPI will be taken.

You can read the press release here and the administrative measures here, both only available in Japanese.The Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC') announced, on 2 July 2020, that Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. had agreed to pay over $21 million to resolve charges that it had violated the books and records and internal accounting controls of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 1977 ('FCPA'). In particular, the SEC Order ('the Order') states that, from 2010 to 2014, Alexion's subsidiary made payments to foreign officials in order to influence them to provide favourable regulatory treatment of their primary drug, Soliris. Furthermore, the Order details that their subsidiary continued this practice in Russia from 2011 to 2015. As a consequence, the Order notes that Alexion's subsidiaries maintained false books and records, and had insufficient internal accounting controls to detect and prevent these payments, which resulted in Alexion being unjustly enriched by over $14 million. Moreover, the Order outlines that Alexion's inadequate internal accounting controls resulted in Alexion's subsidiaries in Brazil and Columbia's failure to maintain accurate books and records regarding third-party payments.

You can read the press release here and the Order here.The National Center for Personal Data Protection ('NCPDP') announced, on 29 July 2020, that it had initiated a public consultation on a draft decision establishing cases of personal data processing for which notification is not required ('the Draft Decision'). In particular, the NCPDP noted that, under Article 23(5) of the Law of 8 July 2011 No. 133 on Personal Data Protection ('the Law'), notification is not necessary if the purpose of processing is to keep a register intended to inform the general public, provided that the processing is limited to the data necessary to maintain such a register. In addition, the NCPDP highlighted that, per Decision No. 200 of 14 December 2015, it established cases of personal data processing for which notification is required.

You can read the press release here and the Draft Decision here, both only available in Romanian.The National Supervisory Authority for Personal Data Processing ('ANSPDCP') announced, on 27 July 2020, that it has fined SC Cntar Tarom SA RON 24,180 (approx. €5,000) for implementing inadequate technical and organisational measures to safeguard personal data under Article 32 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the ANSPDCP highlighted that Tarom's failure to implement such measures led to unauthorised disclosure of the data of five Tarom passengers and that, therefore, Tarom should pay the fine and implement remedial measures, including training its employees and undertaking risk assessment procedures.

You can read the announcement, only available in Romanian, here.Insurance Europe announced, on 29 July 2020, that it had issued its response ('the Response') to the European Commission's action plan for a comprehensive EU policy on anti-money laundering and countering terrorist financing ('AML/CFT'). In particular, Insurance Europe outlined that the action plan must take account of the fact that, while the banking sector is clearly vulnerable to AML/CFT, insurers' business models and products do not lend themselves easily to such operations. Therefore, Insurance Europe highlights that there is a risk that the European Banking Authority ('EBA') will enforce a banking-related supervisory approach across all sectors, regardless of their specificities.

You can read the press release here and the Response here.The Ministry of Communication and Information Technology ('Kominfo') issued, on 28 July 2020, a statement calling on organisations to play a role in efforts to protect personal data. In particular, Kominfo reminded data controllers to ensure that they have authority in managing personal data, and that the data is only used for the benefit of the data subject. In addition, Kominfo stated that the draft bill for the Personal Data Protection Act ('the PDP Bill'), once enacted, will act as a legal umbrella in the effort to protect personal data and that the House of Representatives was aiming for the PDP Bill to be passed this year.

You can read the press release, only available in Indonesian, here.Senate Bill ('SB') 8450C for An Act to Amend the Public Health Law in relation to the Confidentiality of Contact Tracing Information ('the Bill') passed, on 23 July 2020, the New York State Senate and Assembly and will be delivered to the New York State Governor for signature. In particular, the Bill would, among other things, ensure that information collected through contact tracing for COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') is kept confidential and may not be disclosed except as necessary to carry out contact tracing or a permitted purpose, and would authorise an individual to waive confidentiality in a written, informed, and voluntary waiver in plain language understandable to the individual. Moreover, the Bill would authorise the disclosure, possession, or use of contact tracing information that has been de-identified, for public health or public health research purposes, would require technical safeguards against re-identification of data, and would prohibit law enforcement agents and entities or immigration authorities from participating in contact tracing and for contact tracing information to be provided to such bodies, except for permitted purposes.

You can read the Bill here and track its progress here.The Quebec Commission on Access to Information ('CAI') announced, on 28 July 2020, that it had published a guide on Biometrics: Principles to be Respected and Legal Obligations of Organizations ('the Guide') as well as updated its declaration form ('the Form') for a bank of biometric characteristics or measurements. In particular, the Guide seeks to make public bodies and businesses aware of their responsibilities and obligations in terms of protecting personal information derived from biometrics. Moreover, the Guide aims to support those responsible for the implementation of projects that involve the use of biometrics in order to adequately complete the Form.

You can read the press relese here, the Guide here, and the Form here, all only avaliable in French.The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') announced on Twitter, on 27 July 2020, updated resources ('the Resources') to help organisations prepare for the end of the transition period, on 31 December 2020, for the UK's formal departure from the EU ('Brexit'). In particular, the Resources include guidance on information rights at the end of the transition period, guidance for large businesses and data protection specialists, guidance for small-and-medium enterprises on how to prepare if the UK is not recognised as providing an adequate level of protection, an interactive tool on data flows from the EEA to the UK, and frequently asked questions.

You can read the announcement here and access the Resources here.U.S. Senator, Josh Hawley, announced, on 28 July 2020, that he will introduce the bill for the Behavioral Advertising Decisions Are Downgrading Services (BAD ADS) Act ('the Bill') to the U.S. Senate. In particular, the Bill seeks to remove the immunity under Section 230 of the Communications Act of 1934 from companies that display manipulative and behavioural ads, or provide data to be used for them. In addition, Hawley noted that, "big tech's manipulative advertising regime comes with a massive hidden price tag for consumers while providing almost no return to anyone but themselves. From privacy violations to harming children to suppression of speech, the ramifications are very real. These kinds of manipulative ads are not what U.S. Congress had in mind when passing Section 230, and now is the time to put a stop to this abuse."

You can read the press release here and the Bill here.The Electronic Government Agency and Information Knowledge Society ('AGESIC') announced, on 28 July 2020, that the Inter-American Development Bank ('IAD') and the Organization of American States ('OAS') have released their Cybersecurity Report: Risks, Progress and the Way Forward in Latin America and the Caribbean ('the Report'). In particular, the Report notes that Uruguay is leading the region in four of the five areas of the cybersecurity maturity model, which include cybersecurity policy and strategy, cybernetic culture and society, education, training, and cybersecurity skills, legal and regulatory frameworks, and standards, organisations, and technologies. Moreover, the Report highlights that Uruguay has a national computer security incident response team ('CSIRT'), the CERTuy under the remit of AGESIC, and a Security Operations Center. In addition, the Report indicates that, although Uruguay does not have a national strategy, it has developed an organised cybersecurity framework with reference to international standards.

You can read the press release here and the Report here, both only avaliable in Spanish.The German Data Protection Conference ('DSK') issued, on 28 July 2020, a statement ('the Statement') on the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case') and a first assessment on the impact the decision has on data transfers to the US and other third countries. In particular, the DSK held that transfers of personal data to the US based on the Privacy Shield are inadmissible and must cease based on the CJEU's decision that US law does not provide protection that is in essence equal to EU law. Furthermore, the DSK held that Standard Contractual Clauses ('SCCs') may in principle continue to be used, however it emphasised the CJEU's ruling on the responsibility of the transferring and recepient parties to assess whether the rights of data subjects have an equal level of protection in the third country, which is a precondition for deciding if guarantees included in SCCs can be realised or if further measures need to be taken. In this regard, the DSK highlighted that in cases of data transfers to the US, SCCs without further measures are insufficient.

Moreover, the DSK highlighted that the CJEU's findings also have an impact on Binding Corporate Rules ('BCRs') and additional measures need to be taken if the rights of data subject are not protected to the same level in a third country. In addition, the DSK held that data transfers to the US and other third countries under Article 49 of the GDPR continue to be admissible if all conditions are fulfilled in each individual case. The DSK equally found that responsible persons that wish to continue transferring data to the US or other third countries need to assess immediately if they fulfill the requirements, as the CJEU did not provide for a transitional period.

Finally, the DSK highlighted that supervisory authorities play a key role in the implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') and data transfers and announced that, upon harmonisation with other European supvervisory authorities, they should also advise on specific questions on data transfers, also endorsing the FAQs ('the FAQs') issued by the European Data Protection Board ('EDPB').

You can read the Statement, only available in German, here, and the FAQs here.The French data protection authority ('CNIL') adopted, on 28 July 2020, three referentials for the health sector ('the Standards'). In particular, the Standards include a non-binding standard on the processing of personal data by medical and paramedical clinics, which replaces the simplified norm NS-50 for medical professionals and paramedicals working on an independent basis. Furthermore, the Standards include two standards on data retention periods, the first on retention periods for processing activities in the health sector outside of the research domain and the second on data retention periods for processing activities for the purposes of research, study, and analysis in the health sector.

In addition, CNIL published a practical guide ('the Guide') on data retention periods in general which offers guidance on, among other things, the principle of data minimisation, defining retention periods, and the retention period standards.

You can read the press release here, the standard on processing by medical and paramedical clinics here, the standard on data retention periods in the health sector here, the standard on data retention periods for research purposes here, and the Guide here, all only available in French.The Department for Digital, Culture, Media & Sport ('DCMS') published, on 22 July 2020, the UK Government's response ('the Response') to the public consultation on implementing the European Electronic Communications Code Directive ('the Directive'). In particular, the Response highlights that the Government's approach to implement the Directive aims at meeting the minimum requirements of the Directive, minimising additional costs to businesses, and ensuring that updates to the UK regulatory framework contribute to the Government's digital connectivity ambitions where there is discretion and justification to do so.

You can read the Response here.The Korea Communications Commission ('KCC'), the Financial Services Commission ('FSC'), and the Ministry of the Interior and Safety ('MOIS') published, on 28 July 2020, statements on the revisions from the Data 3 Act of the Personal Information Protection Act 2011 ('PIPA'), the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection 2001 ('ICNA'), and the Credit Information Use and Protection Act 2008 ('the Credit Act'). In particular, the supervisory authorities have clarified that the enforcement date of the revisions will begin on 5 August 2020. Furthermore, the statements highlight the incoming changes to the different legislations and provide additional guidance, such as, in the case of the FSC, setting out requirements and recommendations to financial service providers who rely on or use financial and personal information.

You can access the statements of the KCC, FSC, and MOIS, only available to download in Korean, here, here, and here respectively.The German Federal Court of Justice ('BGH') issued, on 27 July 2020, two decisions on delisting requests against Google LLC and sent questions under the preliminary reference procedure to the Court of Justice of the European Union ('CJEU'). In particular, in the first decision, the BGH found that the claimant's asserted claim regarding the delisting of the disputed links does not result from Article 17(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), referring to the CJEU and German Federal Constitutional Court jurisprudence, according to which Article 17(1) of the GDPR requires a comprehensive consideration of fundamental rights based on all relevant circumstances of the individual case, and taking into account the severity of the interference with the fundamental rights of the data subject on the one hand, and the fundamental rights of the defendants, the interests of its users, and the public, as well as the fundamental rights of the providers of the content demonstrated in the contested result links on the other. Moreover, the BGH held that there is no presumption of a priority for the protection interests of the concerned person, but that the conflicting fundamental rights are to be weighed up equally and that it would follow from the principle of equal consideration that the person responsible for a search engine does not have to take action until they become aware of an obvious and at first glance recognisable violation of the rights of the concerned person.

Furthermore, in the second decision, the BGH held that the CJEU must clarify whether it is compatible with the rights of the concerned person to the respect of their private life and protection of their personal data, to weigh up the conflicting rights and interests under the European Charter of Fundamental Rights when the link that is requested to be removed leads to content that contains factual claims and factual value judgments whose truthfulness and legality is disputed and the legal situation in case of involvement by third parties.

You can read the press release, only available in German, here.The Government of the Republic of Croatia ('the Government') announced, on 27 July 2020, that it had launched the Croatian 'Stop COVID-19' contact tracing app. In particular, the Government outlined that the app is voluntary, transparent, and temporary, as well as that it uses temporary and anonymous data for notification of COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') exposure. In addition, the Government highlighted that the app uses Bluetooth technology, as well as that it does not collect personal data and ensures cross-border interoperability. Moreover, the Government recalled that the app was assessed by the Personal Data Protection Agency ('AZOP') in order to ensure its full compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR').

You can read the press release, only available in Croatian, here.The Financial Markets Authority ('AMF') and the French Prudential Supervision and Resolution Authority ('ACPR') issued, on 27 July 2020, a notice aiming to remind operators of ATMs which allow the purchase or sale of digital assets, such as Bitcoins, of their obligations. In particular, the AMF and ACPR highlighted that, among other things, such operators must register with the AMF, which entails setting up internal control procedures to ensure compliance with anti-money laundering and combatting the financing of terrorism ('AML/CFT') rules, as well as enabling the freezing of assets. In addition, the AMF and ACPR emphasised that any operator engaging in such activities without being registered is liable to a two-year prison sentence and a fine of €30,000.

You can read the press release here.The European Commission ('the Commission') launched, on 23 July 2020, a public consultation on a proposal for a legal act of the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union laying down requirements for artificial intelligence ('AI'). In particular, the Commission outlined that the overall policy objective is to ensure the development and uptake of lawful and trustworthy AI across the single market through the creation of an ecosystem of trust. Specifically, the Commission highlighted that the consultation aims to, among other things, provide legal certainty for businesses that are marketing their AI-enabled products, or using such solutions in the EU as regards the rules applicable to such products and services.

The consultation is open until 10 September 2020.

You can read the press release and access the consultation questionnaire here.The European Commission's Joint Research Centre ('JRC') published, on 27 July 2020, a report ('the Report') on artificial intelligence ('AI') and digital transformation in the context of COVID-19 ('Coronavirus'). In particular, the JRC highlighted that the Report provides an update on developments in the sector that has undergone a transformation in a matter of a couple of months and follows on from its previous report 'Artificial Intelligence: a European Perspective' published 18 months ago. In addition, the Report focuses on areas such as the acceleration of AI adoption and digital transformation, the crucial role of governance in data processing, and the European approach to AI.

Moreover, the Report, in respect of the need to strengthen European technological and data sovereignty, calls for strong coordination to strengthen European technological and data sovereignty and address the increasing inequalities therein, as well as highlighting how the response to the Coronavirus pandemic, including the lockdown and accelerated digital transition, has widened the gap between the wealthier and poorer segments in society.

You can read the press release here and the Report here.The Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data ('PCPD') published, on 27 July 2020, its guidelines on the prevention of the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic with body temperature detection and collection of related personal information from premise operators ('the Guidelines'). In particular, the PCPD clarified in its Guidelines that operators of premises, such as restaurants, have incorporated temperature checking measures including the collection of other personal and biometric data, and in such cases operators must comply with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance 1997 as amended in 2013 ('PDPO') and its principles. Furthermore, the PCPD noted that the Guidelines establish that it is reasonable and legitimate for operators to collect temperatures and personal information of visitors where it is necessary, appropriate, and proportionate to the purpose for collection. In addition, the Guidelines establish that personal information may not be disclosed without explicit and voluntary consent for purposes beyond the prevention of the spread of Coronavirus, and where visitors have become infected it is sufficient to issue a notice that a visitor was infected and must not disclose their personal information.

You can view the Guidelines, only available in Chinese, here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') announced, on 28 July 2020, that it had published an updated version of its guide on the use of cookies ('the Updated Guide') in order to adapt it to the European Data Protection Board's ('EDPB') Guidelines 05/2020 on Consent under Regulation 2016/679 ('the Guidelines on Consent'). In particular, the Updated Guide addresses the amendments implemented by the EDPB in its Guidelines on Consent, namely the validity of consent provided by the data subject when interacting with cookie walls and the issue of scrolling or swiping through a webpage as a clear and affirmative action of consent.

Specifically, the Updated Guide provides that cookie walls cannot be used, since they do not offer a valid alternative to consent. The AEPD stressed that these criteria are of particular importance in relation to cases where the denial of access would prevent the exercise of a right legally recognised to a user, such as when access to a website is the only means provided in order to exercise the right. In addition, the Updated Guide recalls that the EDPB established that continued browsing cannot constitute a valid way to obtain consent, and therefore Section 3.2.3(e) of the Updated Guide was amended accordingly.

Lastly, the AEPD recalled that the Updated Guide must be implemented no later than 31 October 2020.

You can read the press release here and the Updated Guide here, both only available in Spanish.The Central Bank of the Russian Federation ('the Central Bank') issued, on 27 July 2020, a statement on a draft directive on the requirements for programs for electronic computing machines used to provide investment advice ('the Draft Directive'). In particular, the Draft Directive would establish requirements for programs and electronic computers used to provide investment advice in relation to securities and transactions in accordance with clients' investment profile. In addition, the Draft Regualation is expected to increase the transparency of transactions, protect consumers of financial products from unfair practices, and promote the development of innovative technologies in investment activities. Moreover, the Draft Directive highlights the need to prevent unauthorised access to the program.

You can read the press release here, and the Draft Directive here, both only available in Russian.The Norwegian data protection authority ('Datatilsynet') published, on 27 July 2020, Questions & Answers ('the Q&As') on the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the Q&As outline recommendations for transferring data to the US and to countries recognised as affording adequate protection, the obligation of the data importers, as well as exceptions to the rules applicable to transfers. More specifically, the Q&As highlighted that the Schrems II Case is directly applicable, with no transition period, which means that it is not possible to use the EU-US Privacy Shield and that data exporters already transferring data to non-authorised third countries must either stop transferring such data and request that the data importer return or delete the data already transferred, or carry out necessary assessments and actions. In addition, and in relation to the necessary assessments and actions to be taken by data exporters, the Q&As noted that, in cases where a country has not been recognised as affording adequate protection, data exporters must, among other things, rely on Article 46 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') as well as assess whether the data importer or any subcontractors are subject to laws, rules, or systems which undermine the importer's obligations in relation to the transfer, or lower the level of protection.

You can read the Q&As, only available in Norwegian, here.The Information Commissioner ('the Commissioner') issued, on 27 July 2020, its statement on the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the Commissioner outlined steps that Isle of Man businesses need to follow, including determining if the Privacy Shield has been relied upon for data transfers and, if so, considering whether it is necessary to continue to transfer personal data where an alternative would have to be pursued, such the derogation set out in Article 49 of the Applied General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('the Applied GDPR') or in Schedule 10 of the GDPR and LED Implementing Regulations 2018. In addition, the Commissioner highlighted that any reliance upon Standard Contractual Clauses ('SCC') or Binding Corporate Rules ('BCRs') to transfer personal data must also be reviewed to ensure they provide appropriate safeguards, emphasising that this is not limited to transfers to the US.

You can read the statement here.The U.S. Department of Health & Human Services ('HHS') announced, on 27 July 2020, that Lifespan Health System Affiliated Covered Entity had paid $1,040,000 to the HHS' Office for Civil Rights ('OCR') and agreed to implement a corrective action plan to settle violations of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 Privacy and Security Rules ('the HIPPA Rules') as a result of the theft of an unencrypted laptop ('the Settlement'). In particular, the OCR notes that on 21 April 2017, Lifespan Corporation, the parent company and business associate of Lifespan Health System, filed a breach report with the OCR concerning the theft of an affiliated hospital employee's laptop containing electronic protected health information ('ePHI') including patients' names, medical record numbers, demographic information, and medication information, outlining that the breach affected 20,431 individuals. In addition, the Settlement highlights that Lifespan Health System did not, among other things, implement policies and procedures to encrypt all devices used for work purposes, implement policies and procedures to track or inventory all devices that access the network which contains ePHI, and have in place the proper business associate agreements between Lifespan Corporation and the Lifespan healthcare provider affiliates that are members of Lifespan Healh System.

You can read the press release here and the Settlement here.The Ministry of Health launched, on 27 July 2020, HaMagen 2, the second version of a contact tracing app which will notify individuals of the exact time and location of when they have been in the presence of someone who has been diagnosed with COVID-19 ('Coronavirus'). In particular, HaMagen 2 cross-checks the GPS history of the mobile phone with historical geographical data of diagnosed patients, although no data is sent back to the Ministry of Health from the phone. More specifically, HaMagen 2 requires authorisation to access tracking services, internet access, and bluetooth services on the user device. Furthermore, users will be able to review, confirm, or reject notifications, and following confirmations, users will be referred to the Ministry of Health's website where exposures can be reported. As part of the transparency policy, the Ministry of Health has, among other things, published the app's source code and outlined that cross-checking, location, and proximity information, which is kept for the last two weeks only, is only stored on the user device and is not forwarded. In addition, the Ministry of Health indicated that it is aware of the existence of breach attempts, and that it is doing its best to protect the app.

You can read the press release here and the transparency policy here.The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ('CFPB') announced, on 24 July 2020, its plan to issue an advance notice of proposed rulemaking later this year on consumer-authorised access to financial records, following a symposium held earlier this year on the same. In particular, the CFPB will seek stakeholder input on, among other things, ways that they may effectively and efficiently implement the financial access rights described in Section 1033 of the Dodd-Frank Act Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, information regarding the possible scope of data that might be made subject to protected access, and inquire into how issues of regulatory uncertainty with respect to Section 1033 and its interaction with other statutes may be impacting the market to the detriment of consumers. Finally, the CFPB also published a report ('the Report') on the symposium which summarises views from stakeholders on a variety of subjects including data access and scope, disclosure and informed consent, privacy, security, data minimisation, and accountability.

You can read the press release here and the Report here.The Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission ('MCMC') announced, on 26 July 2020, a public consultation on its National Digital Identity Framework ('the Framework'). In particular, the MCMC highlighted that the Framework will provide for the electronic verification of an individual's identity based on biometric characteristics such as fingerprints, facial recognition, and demographic information including name and date of birth. Specifically, the MCMC outlined that the Framework is meant to enable fast, easy, protected, and secure service transactions, as well as reduce the occurrence of online identity fraud. Finally, the MCMC noted that feedback will be considered in evaluating and improving the proposal paper on a suitable Framework for Malaysia.

Public comments can be submitted here until 7 August 2020.

You can read the press release, only available in Malay, here.The State Data Protection Inspectorate ('VDAI') announced, on 24 July 2020, that it had received a notification within the 72-hour deadline set forth by the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') in relation to an incident affecting the state registers and state information systems managed by the State Enterprise Centre of Registers. In particular, the VDAI highlighted that the breach could constitute a threat to these public records and public information systems of personal data security, and noted that it is currently examining the notification and investigating the breach.

You can read the press release, only available in Lithuanian, here.OneTrust DataGuidance confirmed with Minchae Kang and Kwang Bae, partners at Lee & Ko, on 27 July 2020, that the Korean Communications Commission ('KCC') had issued administrative fines totalling KRW 186 million (approx. €132,300) against Tik Tok Pte. Ltd. In particular, the KCC had launched an investigation into TikTok since October 2019 and following the completion of the investigation in July 2020, it had fined the company on two counts of penalties. Minchae Kang and Kwang Bae clarified that the penalties consisted of "a penalty surcharge of KRW 180 million (approx. €128,100) for collecting personal information of minors under 14 without the consent of their legal representatives and a fine of KRW 6 million (approx. €4,200) for failing to disclose information regarding the transfer of personal information overseas." Lastly, Minchae Kang and Kwang Bae noted that the KCC has released only a "summary on this case without disclosing any official disposition records or meeting minutes."The Office of the Data Protection Authority ('ODPA') issued, on 24 July 2020, a statement on the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the ODPA outlined actions that organisations should take following the invalidation of the EU-US Privacy Shield ('the Privacy Shield'), including identifying whether they have been relying on the Privacy Shield for data transfers and checking the terms of service, contracts, or privacy statements for all third parties they may be using to process their data. In addition, the ODPA urged companies to consider alternatives in case of reliance on the Privacy Shield, and ensure that they accurately reflect detailed consideration of risks and safeguards, where they have been relying on Standard Contractual Clauses ('SCCs') or Binding Corporate Rules ('BCRs'). Furthermore, the ODPA highlighted that whilst the Schrems II judgment recognises SCCs as valid, it also raises significant questions around their use, and emphasised that organisations in the EEA or adequate jurisdictions must still carefully review their position and invest resources into ensuring that appropriate safeguards are in place.

You can read the statement here.The Icelandic data protection authority ('Persónuvernd') announced, on 24 July 2020, that it had sent a letter ('the Letter') to the State Social Security Administration ('TR') in respect of the use of information collected through IP addresses for surveillance purposes. In particular, the Letter states that, under the Act 90/2018 on Privacy and Processing of Personal Data ('the Act'), information collected through IP addresses cannot be reliable in verifying an individual's location and that, if the information examined is not verified, the responsible party is under the obligation to stop processing it and delete or correct the information as appropriate in accordance with the applicable legal provisions on public archives. In addition, the Letter notes that investigative measures taken by the TR in the event of suspicion of residence abroad, such as a request for an investigation by the National Registry of Iceland, can serve the purpose of verifying the reliability of information collected through IP addresses.

You can read the Letter, only available in Icelandic, here.The Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs ('LIBE') Committee of the European Parliament issued, on 16 July 2020, an opinion ('the Opinion') on the European Commission's proposed Digital Services Act. In particular, the Opinion outlines suggestions, such as underlining that digital services and their underlying algorithms need to fully respect personal data protection and fundamental rights, emphasising that any future provision of the Digital Services Act comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In addition, the Opinion highlights the need for data minimisation and the protection of minors when registering for an online service, and suggests that the Commission incorporate the obligation upon digital service providers to store biometric data only on the device itself.

You can read the Opinion here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 23 July 2020, a resolution ('the Resolution') in proceedings No. PS/00115/2020, fining Xfera Móviles, S.A. €5,000 for violating Article 58(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Resolution outlines that, following an individual complaint, Xfera Móviles was requested, by the AEPD, to submit certain information and documentation, but it failed to do so with the request within the provided timeframe.

Lastly, the Resolution imposes a fine of €5,000, which was subsequently reduced to €3,000 as a result of Xfera Móviles's voluntary payment.

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.The European Commission ('the Commission') published, on 24 July 2020, its communication on the EU Security Union Strategy for 2020 to 2025 ('the Strategy'). In particular, the Strategy focuses on areas such as combatting terrorism and organised crime, preventing and detecting hybrid threats, increasing the resilience of critical infrastructure, promoting cybersecurity, and fostering research and innovation. In addition, the Strategy lays out four strategic priorities for action at the EU level; that is, a future-proof security environment, tackling evolving threats, protecting Europeans from terrorism and organised crime, and ensuring a strong European security ecosystem.

Moreover, the Strategy notes that the Commission will put forward new EU rules on the protection and resilience of critical infrastructure and that it should complete its review of the Directive on Security Network and Information Systems (Directive (EU) 2016/1148) ('the NIS Directive') and outline strategic cybersecurity priorities to ensure that the EU can anticipate and respond to evolving threats.

You can read the press release here and download the Strategy here.The Australian Cyber Security Centre ('ACSC') and the Digital Transformation Agency ('DTA') released, on 27 July 2020, their co-designed cloud security guidance ('the Guidance') to support the secure adoption of cloud services across government and industry. In particular, the Guidance seeks to assist organisations with performing a comprehensive assessment of a cloud service provider so that a risk-informed decision can be made about its suitability to handle an organisation's data. In addition, the Guidance includes an assessment report template.

You can press release here and access the Guidance here.The Federal Trade Commission ('FTC') announced, on 24 July 2020, that charges were settled against 11 entities and Raymond Gonzalez, Carlos S. Guerrero, and Joshua Hernandez, jointly doing business first as CSG Solutions and then as Second Choice Horizon, following a complaint by the FTC that the defendants had allegedly defrauded cash-strapped consumers with deceptive robocalls and that their conduct was both deceptive and illegal. In particular, the FTC highlighted that the proposed court order ('the Proposed Order') resolving the FTC's allegations bans the defendants from all telemarketing activities and providing debt-relief services due to violations of the Federal Trade Commission Act of 1914 and the Telemarketing Sales Rule 1995. In addition, the Proposed Order bans the defendants from, among other things, applying for any product or service on the behalf of a consumer without their knowledge or consent, and using or benefitting from any consumer information collected during the alleged scheme.

You can read the press release here and the Proposed Order here.The National Authority for Data Protection and Freedom of Information ('NAIH') issued, on 16 July 2020, a decision ('the Decision') in a procedure with Google Ireland Ltd. In particular, NAIH determined that Google Ireland has violated the complainant's data protection rights to access information. Moreover, the Decision states that NAIH had failed to meet an administrative deadline and must pay damages of HUF 10,000 (approx. €29). In addition, the Decision notes that there is no administrative appeal against the Decision but that it can be challenged in an administrative lawsuit within 30 days.

Dr. Márton Domokos, Senior Counsel at CMS Cameron McKenna Nabarro Olswang LLP told OneTrust DataGuidance: "The complainant's subject access request was rather complex. He had requested detailed information on what kind of ads, websites, and advertisers are processed together with his name (as an advertising keyword). The complainant was also interested in seeing how many Google AdWords advertisement Google showed when a user searched for the complainant's name, and asked information about the algorithm used by Google Ireland. Google Ireland failed to respond to the complainant's access request in due time but, eventually, it sent an answer to the complainant's questions. Despite the request of the complainant, NAIH did not request a proceeding before Google Ireland's lead supervisory authority, Ireland's Data Protection Commission, because NAIH did not find a systemic problem regarding the general subject access request policies of Google Ireland."

You can read the Decision, only available in Hungarian, here.

CORRECTION (30 July 2020)

On publication, this article erroneously stated that Google had been fined HUF 10,000 for violating the right to access information. OneTrust DataGuidance has corrected this and apologises for any inconvenience caused.The National Information Security Standardisation Technical Committee of China ('TC260') issued, on 27 July 2020, a notice on its national standard for supply chain of information technology products ('the Standard') and has requested public comments on the same. In particular, the Standard sets out supply safety requirements including maintenance processes for data security and data breaches, as well as data collection requirements such as consent and purpose limitation.

Public comments can be submitted via email to [email protected] until 26 September 2020.

You can read the press release here and the Guide here, both only available in Chinese.The Department of Health and Human Services ('HHS') announced, on 22 July 2020, the launch of the Health Sector Cybersecurity Coordination Center ('HC3') website ('the Website'). In particular, the HHS highlighted that the Website will be a resource for members of the healthcare and public health sector to strengthen coordination and information sharing and cultivate cybersecurity resilience. In addition, the HHS outlined that Website will be a source for cybersecurity threat briefings, security alerts, and sector notes.

You can read the press release here and access the Website here.The Privacy Protection Authority ('PPA') published, on 26 July 2020, its report ('the Report') for the period between March and June 2020 on activity during the first wave of COVID-19 ('Coronavirus'). In particular, the Report outlines that the PPA focused on, among other things, enforcement activities, participating in discussions at the Knesset on the use of the Israeli Security Agency for monitoring purposes, and issuing guidelines and position papers for the public and the economy. More specifically, and regarding enforcement, the Report highlights that the PPA covered, among other things, security incidents within organisations which collect health information from customers. Furthermore, the Report reiterates that alternative measures for contact tracing are currently being examined, in the form of a second version of the Ministry of Health app, and that an in-depth investigation involving the PPA must be conducted on the impact on privacy. Expanding on this, the Report indicates that advantages of such an app include a decentralised system for the collection of location and proximity data, a consent-based system, storage and processing of data on the device which is not transferred to any party, and an optimal level of accuracy.

You can read the Report, only available in Hebrew, here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 23 July 2020, a resolution ('the Resolution') in proceedings No. PS/00134/2020, fining El Real Sporting de Gijón S.A.D. €5,000 for unlawfully collecting data subjects' consent for the purpose of sending direct marketing communications. In particular, the Resolution outlines that the form submitted by Real Sporting de Gijón to members of the club did not comply with the applicable legislation, since consent did not consist in an affirmative action, and was therefore ambiguous. In fact, the Resolution highlights that the form aimed to collect data subjects' consent through their inaction, since they had to tick the relevant boxes in order to deny their consent to the sending of commercial communications. Moreover, the Resolution found that Real Sporting de Gijón's conduct amounted to a violation of Article 7 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR').

Lastly, the Resolution imposes a fine of €5,000, which was subsequently reduced to €3,000 as a result of Real Sporting de Gijón's voluntary payment.

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.The European Data Protection Supervisor ('EDPS') issued, on 27 July 2020, Opinion 5/2020 ('the Opinion') on the European Commission's action plan for a comprehensive EU policy on anti-money laundering and countering terrorist financing ('AML/CFT') and the role of data protection. In particular, the EDPS welcomed the EU Commission's action plan while also highlighting the need for legislation to strike a balance between interference with the fundamental rights of privacy and personal data protection as well as the necessary AML/CFT measures in accordance with the principle of proportionality. More specifically, the EDPS recommended, among other things, that the interconnection of central bank account mechanisms and beneficial ownership registers should comply with the principles of data minimisation, accuracy as well as Privacy by Design and by Default, and that the use of public-private partnerships should occur within the boundaries of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In addition, the EDPS encouraged the EU Commission to promote data protection principles when agreeing on international standards at the Financial Action Task Force.

You can read the press release here and the Opinion here.The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission ('ACCC') launched, on 27 July 2020, Federal Court proceedings against Google LLC alleging that Google misled Australian consumers in order to obtain their consent, with the aim of expanding the scope of personal information that Google could collect and combine regarding consumers' internet activity. In particular, the ACCC alleged that Google had failed to inform consumers and gain their explicit informed consent in relation to its move in 2016 to start combining personal information in consumers' Google accounts with information about those individuals' activities on non-Google sites that used Google technology, formerly DoubleClick technology, to display adverts.

In addition, the ACCC highlighted that data that had previously been kept separate, such as data about users' non-Google online activity, became linked to their names and other identifying information held by Google. Furthermore, the ACCC alleged that Google used this newly combined information to improve the commercial performance of its advertising businesses, and further misled consumers in relation to a related change to its privacy policy. In addition, the ACCC alleged that Google's conduct could have impacted millions of Australians with Google accounts.

ACCC Chair Rod Sims stated, ''The use of this new combined information allowed Google to increase significantly the value of its advertising products, from which it generated much higher profits […] The ACCC considers that consumers effectively pay for Google's services with their data, so this change introduced by Google increased the ''price'' of Google's services, without consumers' knowledge.''

You can read the press release here.The Bank of Thailand ('BOT') issued, on 24 July 2020, its guidelines ('the Guidelines') on the use of biometric technologies in the financial sector to provide service providers with clearer guidance to comply with international laws and standards on such technologies. In particular, the Guidelines address principles that financial service providers should implement in their use of such technologies in areas including their policies, biometric data collection and processing, security requirements for data storage, and operational risk management. Furthemore, the Guidelines state that it is necessary to comply with the same, as well as relevant laws when using biometric technologies in the financial sector, and that financial service providers should take part in the BOT's regulatory sandbox to test and validate such technologies.

You can view the Guidelines, only available in Thai, here.The European Commission ('the Commission') launched, on 24 July 2020, a public consultation on Regulation (EU) No. 910/2014 of 23 July 2014 on Electronic Identification and Trust Services for Electronic Transactions in the Internal Market and Repealing Directive 1999/93/EC ('the eIDAS Regulation'). In particular, the Commission outlined that the consultation will take into account the latest technological and policy developments, such as the increased reliance on doing business online.

The public consultation will be open until 2 October 2020, and comments can be submitted here.

You can read the press release here.The National Information Security Standardisation Technical Committee of China ('TC260') released, on 25 July 2020, along with four other departments, a self-assessment guide for the collection and use of personal data on mobile apps ('the Guide'). In particular, the Guide is meant to help companies implement the requirements of the Cyber ​​Security Law, as well as other relevant regulations. Specifically, the Guide provides a six-point evaluation system for companies to assess their compliance, including questions regarding consent, notification, and purpose limitation.

You can read the press release here and the Guide here, both only available in Chinese.The European Commission ('the Commission') announced, on 24 July 2020, that it had issued its consultation summary report ('the Summary Report') on the Commission's public consultation on its Communication to the European Parliament, the Council of the European Union, the European Council, the European Economic and Social Committee, and the Committee of Regions, on the European Strategy for Data. In particular, the Commission outlined that the Summary Report takes stock of the contributions made and presents preliminary trends that emerge from them, focussing on quantitative aspects. In addition, the Summary Report highlights that almost all respondents confirmed the need for an overarching data strategy to enable the digital transformation of society, as well as for the need for data governance mechanisms. Moreover, the Summary Report addresses, among other things, the regulatory context of cloud computing and high value datasets.

You can read the press release here and download the Summary Report here.The Office for Personal Data Protection ('UOOU') published, on 24 July 2020, a statement highlighting the controller's responsibility for data processing performed using an external information system provider. In particular, the UOOU noted that in light of Article 5(2) and Article 24 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), the controller is always responsible for the processing of personal data and has a duty to demonstrate that such processing is carried out in accordance with the GDPR. In addition, the UOOU stated that when choosing an information system, it is necessary to assess its functionalities and settings with regard to the wording of Article 25 of the GDPR and the principles under Article 5(1) of the GDPR, and emphasised that fulfilment of all personal data protection obligations cannot be automatically assumed on the sole ground that the same information system is also used by other controllers.

You can read the press release, only available in Czech, here.The French data protection authority ('CNIL') announced, on 24 July 2020, that it has adopted a standard ('the Standard') on approving organisations accrediting codes of conduct, noting that the accreditation requirement makes it possible to check that a monitoring body provides all the necessary guarantees to fulfil its mission. In particular, the Standard provides for requirements for monitoring bodies, including the independence of the control body, specific security measures, transparent handling of complaints, and procedures for adopting sanctions and other corrective measures. In addition, CNIL published Frequently Asked Questions ('the FAQs') to accompany the Standard as well as a list of examples ('the List') of documents in support of a request for approval of a monitoring body.

You can read the press release here, the adopted Standard here, the FAQs here, and the List here, all only available in French.The Ministry of Justice ('MoJ') announced, on 23 July 2020, that it had launched a public consultation on a memorandum ('the Memorandum') aiming to amend the Protection of Privacy Law, 5741-1981 ('the Law'). In particular, the Memorandum would amend the Law in order to reduce the scope of the obligation to register a database. In addition, the Memorandum would amend certain definitions contained in the Law, such as the definition of data processing, personal data, and data controller, aligning the same with the standard provided by the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR').

The Memorandum is under public consultation until 6 August 2020.

You can read the press release and respond to the public consultation here and download the Memorandum here, both only available in Hebrew.The Hellenic Data Protection Authority ('HDPA') published, on 20 July 2020, a decision ('the Decision') rejecting a complaint about the alleged unlawful processing of personal data upon the entry of the complainant into 401 General Military Hospital of Athens ('the Hospital'). In particular, the Hospital had argued that in accordance to military law requirements, the Hospital needs to record information such as the name, identity number, and the reason for a hospital visit of the visitor and that the HDPA is not competent to examine this complaint as it is a matter related to national security. Further to the Hospital's argument, the HDPA noted that a limitation of its competence to decide upon matters related to national security does not contradict the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), but highlighted that a general reliance upon national security does not suffice to exclude the jurisdiction of the HDPA.

More specifically, the HDPA highlighted that for the exclusion of the HDPA's jurisdiction to be lawful, the processing must directly be linked to activities implicating national security. In addition, the HDPA considered that the Hospital had not proved that the processing of personal data at the entrance was for national security purposes, also noting that the processing of data about the purpose of the hospital visit falls within special categories of personal data under Article 9 of the GDPR. Lastly, the HDPA found that the processing was lawful in accordance with Article 6 of the GDPR, as it gave effect to the public interest of securing hospital facilities in accordance with military regulations, as well as ordering the Hospital to designate a data protection officer ('DPO') because a single DPO for multiple services of the National Defence General Staff cannot, in accordance with Article 37 of the GDPR, ensure that the DPO effectively performs its tasks.

You can download the Decision, only available in Greek, here.The National Cyber and Encryption Agency ('BSSN') announced, on 22 July 2020, that it had developed the Information Security Index 4.1, an information security readiness evaluation tool for electronic system providers to guide them with ISO/IEC 27001 compliance. In particular, the BSSN highlighted that it was committed to support electronic service providers to comply with regulations related to information security management systems.

You can read the press release, only available in Indonesian, here.The Financial Services Commission ('FSC') published, on 23 July 2020, its consultation papers for guidelines ('the Guidelines') on the pseudonymisation and anonymisation of personal data in the financial sector in light of the reforms to the Credit Information Use and Protection Act 2008 ('the Credit Act'). In particular, the consultation papers discuss both personal data requirements to be followed by the financial sector and technical measures for correct and the proper pseudonymisation and anonymisation of personal data.

You can view the press release here and download the Guidelines here, both only available in Korean.US Senator Amy Klobuchar announced, on 23 July 2020, that she, along with five other Senators, sent a letter ('the Letter') to Attorney General William P. Barr at the Department of Justice ('DoJ') urging the Antitrust Division ('the Division') to conduct a comprehensive review of Google LLC's proposed acquisition of Fitbit, Inc. In particular, the Letter notes that the Division should be sceptical of promises made by Google not to employ Fitbit user data, which is sensitive, to support Google's advertising and other businesses. Specifically, the Letter discusses recent reports from the EU over growing concerns of increased access to health data Google would acquire with the acquisition and promises made to ring-fence the sensitive Fitbit personal data. In addition, the Letter states that the acquisition could lessen competition to provide privacy features and may lead to a reduction in the incentives of competing wearables to safeguard user privacy and the privacy-enhancing features offered.

You can read the press release here and the Letter here.The Ministry of Transport, Communications, and High Technology ('the Ministry') released, on 21 July 2020, rules for protecting IP cameras from cyber attacks. In particular, the Ministry recommended that default passwords are changed and the usage of strong passwords to protect against hackers. In addition, the Ministry suggested that prior to purchasing an IP camera information about security features including, encryption, software updates, and technical support should be obtained in order to reduce the risk of cyber attacks.

You can read the press release here.The Global Digital Health Partnership ('GDHP') released, on 23 July 2020, a set of white papers which aim to share national experiences of digital health in key areas to assist with the planning, implementation and evaluation of digital health initiatives. In particular, the white papers cover a range of topics including cybersecurity in the era of digital health care, advancing interoperability and the global efforts to make personal health information available to citizens.

Secretary of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of India and Chair of the GDHP, Ms Preeti Sudan, stated, ''In the time of COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic, countries have aggressively adopted digital tools to address health needs. The data-driven decisions proved to be the cornerstone in our fight against Coronavirus. The need of the hour is to leverage this momentum and accelerate towards a holistic global digital health ecosystem. GDHP white papers aim to enable countries with a definitive direction to advance in strengthening the healthcare delivery system with prominent use of digital technologies.''

You can read the press release here and access the white papers here.The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') published, on 23 July 2020, a blog post on the first reports published from the ICO's regulatory sandbox ('the Sandbox'), namely, the JISC report ('the JISC Report') and the Heathrow Airport Ltd report ('the Heathrow Airport Report'). In particular, the ICO noted that during the involvement of JISC with the Sandbox, JISC developed a Wellbeing Code of Practice for universities and colleges who wish to investigate the use and analysis of student activity data in order to improve the institution's provision of student support services, this helping them protect both their privacy and wellbeing. In addition, Heathrow Airport, through its involvement with the Sandbox, developed an Automated Passenger Journey ('APJ') project which would use facial recognition technology ('FRT') to verify the passengers' identity from an ID source.

According to the Heathrow Airport Report, following conversations with the ICO, it appeared that Heathrow Airport would likely be considered as a joint controller with each of their partner airlines for the processing of personal data associated with the APJ. The ICO futher outlined the reasons for this observation, which include, among other things, the fact that Heathrow Airport would jointly, with their airline partners, be making the decision to introduce FRT-based identity verification in the terminal, and determining the means and manner through which FRT-based identity verifications take place in the terminal.

You can read the blog post here, the JISC Report here, and the Heathrow Airport Report here.The Liechtensteiner data protection authority ('DSS') published, on 22 June 2020, its updated guidance ('the Guidance') for companies on complying with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the DSS highlighted that it supports companies on their way to GDPR compliance via their website with a compilation of nine steps on how companies can fulfil their most important obligations and has now added a further six steps to the Guidance. In addition, the Guidance now includes information on, among other things, notification of data protection violations, international data transfers, shared responsibility and employee data protection.

You can read the press release here and the Guidance here, both only available in German.The U.S. Department of Health & Human Services ('HHS') announced, on 23 July 2020, that Metropolitan Community Health Services ('MCHS'), operating as Agape Health Services, has agreed to pay $25,000 to the Office for Civil Rights ('OCR') at the HHS to settle potential violations of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ('HIPAA') Security Rule. In particular, the HHS highlighted that the OCR's investigation into MCHS's breach report of 9 June 2011 revealed longstanding and systemic non-compliance with the HIPAA Security Rule and that MCHS had not provided workforce members with security awareness training till 2016. In addition, the HHS outlined that, as part of the monetary settlement, the resolution agreement states that MCHS will undergo a corrective action plan which will include two years of monitoring.

You can read the press release here and the resolution agreement and corrective action plan here.The Personal Information Protection Committee ('PIPC') published, on 23 July 2020, its five-month activity statement with the Institutional Innovation Advisory Group ('the Advisory Group') which facilitated public consultation discussions with the private sector leading up to the reforms to the Personal Information Protection Act 2011 ('PIPA'), the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection 2001 ('ICNA'), and the Credit Information Use and Protection Act 2008 ('the Credit Act'). In particular, the PIPC noted that the Advisory Group held 30 meetings over the period of five months with private sector stakeholders to consult on, among other things, legitimate purposes for processing data, foreign data transfers outside of South Korea, and compliance support and clarifications to small and medium-sized enterprises. Furthermore, the PIPC clarified that the Advisory Group has been concluded for the next phase of implementation requirements leading up to the reforms in August.

You can download the press release, only available in Korean, here.The European Economic and Social Committee ('EESC') announced, on 23 July 2020, that it has responded to the European Commission's ('the Commission') white paper on artificial intelligence ('AI'). In particular, the EESC highlighted that biometric recognition for tracking, surveillance, and detecting emotions should not be used and that the current definition of what constitutes high risk AI in accordance with different sectors has created loopholes. More specifically, the EESC suggested drawing up a list of common characteristics to be considered high-risk. In addition, the EESC stated that the widespread use of AI-based biometric recognition for surveillance, tracking, or assessing human behaviour or emotions should be banned.

You can read the press release here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 23 July 2020, a resolution ('the Resolution') in proceedings No. PS/00010/2020, fining Telefónica Móviles España, SAU €70,000 for violating Article 6 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Resolution outlines that an individual claimant argued that they were charged on the bank account for two telephone lines they never contracted or authorised, where the owner of one of the two lines was also a third party. In addition, the AEPD found that Telefónica Móviles España's conduct amounted to an unlawful processing of personal data, since the data subject's information was retained in Telefónica Móviles España's information systems without a legal basis for invoicing purposes.

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 23 July 2020, a resolution ('the Resolution') in proceedings No. PS/00422/2019, fining El Periódico de Catalunya, S.L.U. €10,000 for violating Article 6 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Resolution outlines that an individual claimant argued, after a request of erasure directed to El Periódico de Catalunya, he/she received a further newsletter from the newspaper, although El Periódico de Catalunya claimed to have complied with the request. In addition, the Resolution highlights that El Periódico de Catalunya admitted that the claimant's data was not deleted due to a mistake that occurred with an external provider, which resulted in the unlawful processing of personal data.

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.The Hessen data protection authority ('HBDI') issued, on 23 July 2020, a statement highlighting that the personal data collected on the basis of the Corona Contact and Operational Restriction Ordinance ('the Ordinance') must be used exclusively for the purpose of tracking infection chains, as stated in Section 4(1)(2)(b) of the Ordinance. In particular, the HBDI noted that the Ordinance outlines the constitutional principle of the purpose limitation when processing personal data, and stated that it considers the use of the contact data collected in this context for police investigations to be extremely problematic.

You can read the statement, only available in German, here.The Ministry of Digital Governance of Greece ('the Ministry') announced, on 23 July 2020, that it has signed a Memorandum of Collaboration ('MoC') with the United Arab Emirates ('UAE') aiming at exchanging good practices relating to digital governance. In particular, the MoC will concentrate on, among other things, artificial intelligence ('AI'), smart devices, and the implementation of a new digital governance policy.

You can read the Ministry's announcement, only available in Greek, here.The Spanish Government ('the Government') announced, on 23 July 2020, that it had adopted its digital strategy 2025 ('the Strategy'). In particular, the Government outlined that the Strategy aims to promote the digital transformation of the country through, among other things, the guarantee of digital connectivity, the strengthening of cybersecurity capacity, the digitisation of public administrations and companies, and the development of the data economy, as well as of artificial intelligence ('AI') technologies. Specifically, the Strategy highlights the necessity of moving towards a data economy, taking the opportunities offered by technologies such as AI and Big Data, while guaranteeing the respect of privacy and security.

You can read the press release here, the Strategy here, and an executive summary of the Strategy here, all only available in Spanish.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 23 July 2020, a resolution ('the Resolution') in proceedings No. PS/00114/2019, fining Telefónica Móviles España, SAU €55,000 for violating Article 6 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Resolution outlines that an individual claimant argued that Telefónica Móviles España processed their personal data, such as name, surname, and bank details, in order to activate three telephone lines that were never requested and to charge three bills on their bank account in relation to the same. In addition, the AEPD found that Telefónica Móviles España's conduct amounted to a violation of the principle of lawfulness of processing.

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.The European Data Protection Board ('EDPB') published, on 23 July 2020, its Frequently Asked Questions ('FAQs') on the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the FAQs aim to present answers to some frequently asked questions received by supervisory authorities, and will be developed and complemented along with further analysis, as the EDPB continues to examine and assess the CJEU's judgment.

Among the issues addressed in the FAQs, the EDPB clarified that the CJEU's judgment does not provide for a grace period in relation to the invalidation of the EU-US Privacy Shield.

In addition, the EDPB outlined, in relation to the transfer of personal data on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses ('SCCs'), that whether or not you can transfer personal data on the basis of SCCs will depend on the result of an assessment that must take into account the circumstances of the transfers and the supplementary measures the exporter could put in place. In this regard, the EDPB highlighted that, following such assessment, where the exporter concludes that appropriate safeguards would not be ensured, it is required to suspend or end the transfer of personal data. However, the EDPB clarified that in circumstances where the exporter intends to keep transferring data, it must notify the competent supervisory authority.

Moreover, and in relation to the supplementary measures that data exporters may put in place, the EDPB reiterated that it is currently analysing the CJEU's judgment to determine the kind of supplementary measures that could be provided, whether legal, technical, or organisational, to transfer data to third countries where SCCs or Binding Corporate Rules ('BCRs') will not provide the sufficient level of guarantees on their own.

Furthermore, the EDPB reiterated that it is still possible to transfer data from the EEA to the US on the basis of derogations foreseen in Article 49 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). Lastly, the FAQs address, among other things, the potential necessity of re-negotiating controller/processor agreements signed under Article 28 of the GDPR.

You can read the FAQs here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 23 July 2020, a resolution ('the Resolution') in proceedings No. PS/00014/2020, fining Telefónica Móviles España, SAU €75,000 for violating Article 6 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Resolution outlines that an individual claimant argued that Telefónica Móviles España carried out number porting of their telephone line from their current company without consent. In addition, the Resolution states that the individual claimed that their current operator transferred their personal data to Telefónica Móviles España in order to change the ownership of the telephone line. Therefore, considering the lack of consent, the AEPD found that Telefónica Móviles España's conduct amounted to a violation of Article 6 of the GDPR.

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.Florida's Chief Financial Officer ('CFO'), Jimmy Patronis, sent, on 23 July 2020, a letter ('the Letter') to Twitter, Inc., Chief Executive Officer, Jack Dorsey, following a recent cyberattack of Twitter. In particular, the Letter follows the CFO's request for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement ('FDLE') to investigate Twitter, and requests that Twitter provide to the FDLE information on, among other things, whether any of the affected parties were residents or businesses in Florida, whether those affected have been properly notified, whether personal or sensitive information was affected, and whether such information was sold.

You can read the press release here, the Letter here, and Twitter's press release here.The French data protection authority ('CNIL') announced, on 24 July 2020, that it has adopted a standard ('the Standard') on approving organisations accrediting codes of conduct, noting that the accreditation requirement makes it possible to check that a monitoring body provides all the necessary guarantees to fulfil its mission. In particular, the Standard provides for requirements for monitoring bodies, including the independence of the control body, specific security measures, transparent handling of complaints, and procedures for adopting sanctions and other corrective measures. In addition, CNIL published Frequently Asked Questions ('the FAQs') to accompany the Standard as well as a list of examples ('the List') of documents in support of a request for approval of a monitoring body.

You can read the press release here, the adopted Standard here, the FAQs here, and the List here, all only available in French.The Rhineland-Palatinate data protection authority ('LfDI Rheinland-Pfalz') issued, on 22 July 2020, a statement highlighting that police should only access personal collected from restaurant customers for the purpose of tracking infections of COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') after obtaining judicial approval. In particular, the LfDI Rheinland-Pfalz stipulated that there must be a high standard for providing police with such data. In adition, the LfDI Rheinland-Pfalz noted that restaurants should store this data for a month and delete it thereafter. Finally, the LfDI Rheinland-Pfalz concluded that data processed according to Section 7(2)(1) in conjunction with Section 1(8) of the 10th Corona Control Ordinance may not be processed for any other purpose.

You can read the Statement, only available in German, here.The French Prudential Supervision and Resolution Authority ('ACPR') published, on 22 July 2020, a notice ('the Notice') on the implementation of the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority's ('EIOPA') guidelines ('the Guidelines') on outsourcing to cloud service providers by supplementary pension institutions. In particular, the ACPR noted that the Guidelines specify the procedures carried out by insurance and reinsurance organisations before completing an outsourcing agreement with a cloud service provider and that the governance requirements applicable to supplementary pension institutions are similar to those required by insurance organisations. As a result, the ACPR highlighted that supplementary pension institutions should implement the Guidelines. The Notice is effective from the date of its publication to ACPR's official register.

You can read the Notice, only available in French, here.The G20 Ministers published, on 22 July 2020, a declaration ('the Declaration') following a meeting whereby ministers discussed ways to harness digital technologies in the 21st century. In particular, the Declaration notes the importance of building trustworthy artificial intelligence systems that can have an impact on security, ethics, and human rights. Furthermore, the Declaration details the work of G20 leaders in building a framework for the cross-border flow of data and information, recognising the challenges such a system poses to the protection of privacy and personal data. In addition, the Declaration acknowledges the work of G20 members to facilitate smart city technology, digital infrastructure development, and cybersecurity, and encourages this work to continue.

You can read the Declaration here.The European Union Agency for Cybersecurity ('ENISA') published, on 23 July 2020, its Telecom Services Security Incident 2019 Annual Analysis Report ('the Report'). In particular, ENISA outlined that the Report provides an analysis of root causes and impact of major incidents that happened in the course of 2019, as well as multi-annual trends. Specifically, the Report recalls that national telecom security authorities in Europe reported a total of 153 major telecommunications security incidents in 2019, and that the incidents had a total impact of almost 1 billion user hours lost. In addition, the Report highlights that system failures represent the major consequence in terms of incidents' impact, that 26% of total incidents were caused by human error, and that 32% of reported incidents were also flagged as a third-party failure.

You can read the press release here and access the Report here.The Interactive Advertising Bureau ('IAB') Europe published, on 22 July 2020, a blog post on the practical implementation of the Transparency and Consent Framework ('TCF') v2.0 for vendors. In particular, the blog post addresses, among other things, the vendors' establishment of a legal basis under the TCF v2.0 and the reception of users' choices. In addition, the IAB recommended that vendors, in order to verify whether they have consent or legitimate interest for a purpose, check, among other things, eventual publishers' restrictions, as well as signals for consent or legitimate interest purpose.

Moreover, the IAB recalled that vendors must update their softwares for use by publishers and vendors partners, such as scripts and tags resulting in personal data processing or in the storing and/or accessing of information on users' devices. Furthermore, the IAB recommended that vendors, prior to sharing personal data with other vendors, verify, by reading the TCF String, that the receiving vendor has a legal basis for the processing of the personal data.

You can read the blog post here.The National Cyber Security Centre ('NCSC') published, on 23 July 2020, its report ('the Report') on cyber threats to sporting organisations and suggests how to stop or lessen their impact on organisations. In particular, the Report outlines cybersecurity trends including, Business Email Compromise ('BEC'), digital fraud, and ransomware. Specifically, and in relation to BEC, the Report recommends using multi-factor authentication to reduce the impact of password compromises and considering a Conditional Access policy to help reduce the impact of BEC, noting that all major providers have user guides to help companies design, build, and manage their approach. In addition, and in relation to cyber-enabled fraud, which relies on social engineering (normally phishing) to trick staff into making mistakes, the Report suggests widening companies' defences to include more technical measures, such as using effective anti-spoofing controls on their domains, making it difficult for fake emails to be sent from their organisation's domains.

Furthermore, in relation to ransomware, the Report highlights mitigation actions including protecting the company's devices and networks by keeping them up to date and keeping safe backups of important information. Moreover, the Report notes the attack opportunities in modern sporting venues due to the fact that most companies do not have a patching strategy in place for their industrial controls systems, CCTV, turnstiles, and payment systems, among others, and outlines venue security mitigations, including restricting intruders' ability to move freely around their systems and network by paying particular attention to potentially vulnerable entry points e.g. third-party systems with onward access to your core network.

You can read the press release here and the Report here.The Bermuda Money Authority ('BMA') published, on 22 July 2020, its 2019 annual report ('the Report'). In particular, the Report outlines key legislative developments including enhancements to the anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing ('AML/CFT') laws, amendments to the reporting requirements within the insurance sector, and continued development of the regulatory framework for digital asset businesses. In addition, the Report highlights the BMA's enforcement activities for 2019 throughout all sectors including AML/CFT, insurance, payments, and banking, among others.

You can read the press release here and the Report here.The Monetary Authority of Singapore ('MAS') issued, on 22 July 2020, a fine of SGD 1.1 million (approx. €685,565) to Asiaciti Trust Singapore Pte Ltd for failing to comply with MAS' anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism ('AML/CFT') requirements. In particular, MAS found that between 2007 and 2018, Asiaciti Trust Singapore committed several serious breaches of AML/CFT requirements for trust companies, including failing to implement adequate AML/CFT policies and procedures, as well as conduct independent audits. Furthermore, MAS noted that these failings affected Asiaciti Trust Singapore's ability to detect and mitigate money laundering and terrorism financing risks associated with its higher-risk customers, for instance Asiaciti Trust Singapore was unable to establish, by appropriate and reasonable means, the source of wealth of an effective controller of a fund. In addition, MAS found that enhanced monitoring of higher-risk customers had not been conducted by Asiaciti Trust Singapore.

MAS noted that Asiaciti Trust Singapore has paid the penalty in full and taken remedial actions to address the risk management deficiencies that led to the breaches.

Ms Loo Siew Yee, Assistant Managing Director (Policy, Payments & Financial Crime), MAS, stated, ''Financial institutions must play their part in detecting and disrupting attempts to abuse our financial system for illicit purposes. Trust companies are required to implement robust AML/CFT controls, with policies and processes that effectively mitigate risks from vehicles or trust structures of customers. MAS will not hesitate to take action against financial institutions that fail to meet the standard required under our AML/CFT regulations.''

You can read the press release here.The European Investment Bank ('EIB') announced, on 22 July 2020, that it had published its Report on Africa's Digital Solutions to Tackle COVID-19 ('the Report'). In particular, the Report addresses, among other things, the use of contact tracing apps in the fight against COVID-19 ('Coronavirus'). Specifically, the Report highlights that, while phone apps may help to tackle the pandemic, they also raise privacy and data protection concerns. Therefore, the Report recalls that digital measures used for tackling Coronavirus must comply with data protection and privacy legislation, as well as be in line with locally approved practices.

You can read the press release here and the Report here.None of your business ('NOYB') published, on 20 July 2020, its two model request texts and frequently asked questions ('the FAQs') on EU-US data transfers following the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') invalidation of the EU-US Privacy Shield in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Judgment'). In particular, the first of NOYB's model request texts, which is for data transfers to US data importers if still using Standard Contractual Clauses ('SCCs'), can be sent to any US partner or any EU partner with US ties ('the SCCs Model Text'), and the other model request text is for providers that process data in the EU/EEA but have US ties ('the US Ties Model Text'). In particular, NOYB highlighted that the SCCs Model Text attempts to highlight the elements that any EU controller or processor should request from any US controller or processor when continuing to use SCCs, and the US Ties Model Text attempts to highlight the elements that any EU controller or processor should request from any EU controller or processor with ties to the US, such as an EU provider with a US parent company.

Furthermore, NOYB highlighted in the FAQs that the controller and the relevant provider need to do a case-by-case analysis to check if there are any national laws which this provider is subject to that violate the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') and the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union. Moreover, NOYB noted in the FAQs that organisations may be able to switch to an EU/EEA provider, or a provider from an adequate country like Switzerland in many cases and thereby avoid any issues around data transfers altogether. In addition, NOYB stated that most US cloud providers fall under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ('FISA') Amendments Reauthorization Act of 2017 702 and organisations will not be able to use them anymore. NOYB further outlined that FISA 702 and Executive Order 12.333 have no territorial limitation, and also apply to servers in the EU that are operated by a US 'electronic communication service provider' or where certain operations are outsourced to a US provide, and that the location for hosting is therefore irrelevant. In some cases, NOYB outlined that providers may have sufficiently limited the factual access from US entities, so that an EU/EEA server is factually beyond the reach of the US government. For example, this may be the case if an EU entity is bound by the GDPR to not provide data to the US parent company and there is no factual access by the US parent company.

From a GDPR perspective, NOYB stated that it is taking the preliminary position that such external tampering with personal data mainly falls under Article 32 of the GDPR regarding the security of processing. According to NOYB, the data exporter and data importer therefore has to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect transferred data from US law enforcement tapping. Moreover, NOYB highlighted that the European Data Protection Board ('EDPB') has taken the position that Article 49 of the GDPR may only be used for occasional and non-repetitive transfers, which limits Article 49 to individual situations where users have given explicit consent or if the transfer is strictly necessary to provide a contract.

You can read the FAQs here, the SCCs Model Text here, and the US Ties Model Text here.The Bill for the Future of Artificial Intelligence Act of 2020 (S.3771) ('the Bill'), passed, on 22 July 2020, the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation ('the Senate Committee'). In particular, the Bill aims to, among other things, optimise the development of artificial intelligence ('AI') to address the potential growth, restructuring, or other changes in the United States workforce that result from the development of AI, with particular attention to traditionally underrepresented populations that may be uniquely impacted, to promote and support the unbiased development and application of AI, and to protect the privacy rights of individuals. Moreover, the Bill outlines that the Secretary of Commerce ('the Secretary') shall establish a federal advisory committee to advise the Secretary on matters relating to the development of AI.

The Bill has been ordered to be reported with an amendment favourably.

You can track the progress of the Bill here and read the Bill here.The Government's Department for Digital, Culture Media & Sport announced, on 16 July 2020, that it had launched a public consultation on its proposals for regulating consumer smart products and cybersecurity in light of its objective to protect citizens and the wider economy from potential harms arising from internet-connected products' vulnerabilities. In particular, the policy paper ('the Policy Paper') submitted for consultation outlines proposals for regulating consumer smart product cybersecurity. More specifically, the Policy Paper highlights, among other things, the main security requirements to be applied when designing consumer smart products, such as the ban on universal default passwords, the implementation of a reporting system for vulnerabilities, and the need for transparency with regards to security updates. In addition, the Policy Paper outlines the obligations of producers, which are defined as manufacturers, importers, or UK-based representatives, distributors and online platforms involved in the selling of smart products. Lastly, the Policy Paper states that among the enforcement bodies engaged to date are the Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO'), the Competition and Markets Authority ('CMA') and the Financial Conduct Authority ('FCA').

You can participate in the consultation here and the deadline for submissions is 6 September 2020.

You can read the press release here and the Policy Paper here.The Office of the Data Protection Authority ('ODPA') issued, on 15 July 2020, its latest breach statistics and emphasised the need for learning and improvement to better safeguard personal data handled in Guernsey and build a culture of compliance. In particular, the ODPA noted that 34 personal data breaches were reported to the ODPA in the two months leading up to 30 June 2020 and that just under three-quarters of these breaches happened when personal data was accidentally sent to the wrong person by email. In addition, the ODPA highlighted that the 34 breaches were split across a variety of sectors, five from public authorities, four from fiduciary entities and three each from banking, insurance, and retail/wholesale establishments as well as charities/not for profits, education/training organisations, investment organisations, and legal practices all reported two each with the remaining eight split across five other sectors.

Moreover, Emma Martins, Guernsey's Data Protection Commissioner commented, "We are committed to building a culture of compliance for the Bailiwick; one that recognises that we're all only human and we all make mistakes, but by learning from those mistakes and improving how we work, we can strive for better levels of data protection, benefitting our community and our economy."

You can read the press release here.Senate Bill ('SB') 5140B for An Act to Amend the Education Law, in relation to the Use of Biometric Identifying Technology ('the Bill') passed, on 22 July 2020, the New York State Senate and Assembly and will be delivered to the New York State Governor for signature. In particular, the Bill would amend New York's education law regarding the use of biometric identifying technology on school grounds, and would prohibit the use of such technology until 1 July 2022 unless the Commissioner of Education ('the Commissioner') conducts a study and issues a report on the use of such technology in order to create a comprehensive, unified statewide regulatory system governing the use of such technology in schools. Specifically, the Bill defines biometric identifying technology and biometric information, and notes that the Commissioner's study and report must consider, among other things, the appropriateness of such technology, what restrictions and guidelines should be enacted to protect individual privacy and civil rights, and the implications of collecting, storing and/or sharing such biometric information.

You can read the Bill here and track its progress here.The European Data Protection Board ('EDPB') issued, on 22 July 2020, an information note ('the Note') on Binding Corporate Rules ('BCRs') for groups of undertakings/enterprises which have the Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') as lead supervisory authority ('Lead SA'). In particular, the Note states that BCRs holders having the ICO as Lead SA need to put in place all organisational arrangements on the basis of which a new Lead SA in the European Economic Area ('EEA') may be identified, in accordance with the criteria laid down in the Article 29 Working party's Working Document Setting Forth a Co-Operation Procedure for the approval of Binding Corporate Rules for Controllers and Processors under the GDPR. Specifically, the Note recalls that the change of Lead SA must take effect at the latest at the end of the Brexit transition period.

Moreover, the Note outlines that BCR holders having the ICO as Lead SA need to amend their BCRs with reference to the EEA legal order before the end of the Brexit transition period, and that in order to assist groups of undertakings/enterprises in the process, the EDPB provided a checklist of elements to be amended in the Annex of the Note. In this regard, the Note highlights that, in the absence of such changes and/or a new approval, where applicable, before the end of transition period, groups of undertakings/enterprises will not be able to rely on BCRs as a valid transfer mechanism for transfers of data outside the EEA after the end of the transition period.

Furthermore, the Note addresses the position of current BCR applications before the ICO, recommending groups of undertakings/enterprises to put in place all organisational arrangements on the basis of which a new BCR Lead SA in the EEA can be identified before the end of the transition period.

Lastly, the EDPB highlighted that the Note is without prejudice to the analysis currently undertaken by the EDPB on the consequences of the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) for BCRs as transfer tools.

You can read the Note here.The New York State Department of Financial Services ('NYDFS') announced, on 22 July 2020, that it had issued its first cybersecurity enforcement notice under the Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies, Part 500 of Title 23 of the Official Compilation of Codes, Rules and Regulations of the State of New York ('the NYDFS Cybersecurity Regulation'). In particular, the NYDFS filed a statement of charges ('the Statement of Charges') against First American Title Insurance Company alleging that First American exposed hundreds of millions of documents containing consumers' sensitive personal information including bank account numbers, mortgage and tax records, social security numbers, wire transaction receipts, and drivers' license images. In addition, the NYDFS alleged that a vulnerability in First American's information systems exposed consumers' sensitive personal information over the course of several years, and that First American had failed to, among other things, follow its own policies and neglected to conduct a security review and risk assessment, misclassified the vulnerability as 'low' severity despite the magnitude of the exposure, and failed to conduct a reasonable investigation into the scope and cause of the exposure after it was discovered.

The NYDFS further specified that First American had violated six provisions of the NYDFS Cybersecurity Regulation, where any violation with respect to a financial product or service carries penalties of up to $1,000 per violation, and that each instance of sensitive personal information encompassed within the charges constitutes a separate violation carrying up to $1,000 in penalties per violation.

You can read the press release here and the Statement of Charges here.The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of New Zealand ('OPCNZ') released, on 22 July 2020, a blog post addressing Artificial Intelligence ('AI') software and privacy concerns. In particular, the OPCNZ highlighted the recent investigation into Clearview AI, Inc and noted that concerns have been raised in relation to the software and New Zealand's privacy legislation. In addition, the OPCNZ outlined that any AI software should be used with careful reference to the principles for the safe and effective use of data analytics, and that the data should have a clear public benefit, be fit for purpose, be used ethically, and that there should be human oversight and review of any automated processes to ensure robust decision making and accuracy.

You can read the blog post here.The Financial and Capital Market Commission ('FCMC') announced, on 16 July 2020, its decision to fine Signet Bank AS €906,610 for breaches of anti-money laundering and combating the financing of terrorism ('AML/CFT') regulatory requirements. In particular, the FCMC highlighted that, among other things, Signet Bank had failed to implement adequate Know Your Customer ('KYC') procedures and to classify individual customers as shell companies in line with AML regulatory requirements. Therefore, the FCMC concluded that Signet Bank had not established, in light of its operational risks, an adequate internal control system that would ensure effective enforcement of AML regulatory requirements. In addition, the FCMC noted that Signet Bank must independently assess compliance of its internal control system with AML requirements, as well as involve auditors.

You can read the press release here.The Electronic Privacy Information Center ('EPIC') announced, on 21 July 2020, that it had filed an amicus brief ('the Brief') requesting that the California Supreme Court ('the Court') preserve its rule requiring parties to consent to the recording of a call in the case of Jeremiah Smith v. LoanMe, Inc., No. S260391. In particular, the Court is reviewing whether the scope of the California Penal Code section 632.7 ('CIPA') extends not only to third-party eavesdroppers but to parties to a call as well. Specifically, the Brief notes that as a result of the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic Californias conducting personal and business lives remotely and relying on voice and video calls to complete their work and details that the need to protect the privacy of Californians was precisely what the CIPA was enacted to prevent. Furthermore, the Brief argues that requiring meaningful consent by all parties to the recording of a call is consistent with fundamental principles of privacy law. Moreover, the Brief argues that phone and video calls have become more pervasive and more personal during the pandemic and are predicted to remain so in the future.

You can read the press release here, read the Brief here, and track the progress of the case here.The Administrative Court of Baden-Württemberg ('VGH Baden-Württemberg') issued, on 25 June 2020, a decision ('the Decision') stating that restaurants' collection of personal data during the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic is constitutional and compatible with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Decision notes that the plaintiff opposed Section 2(3) of the Ordinance of the Ministry of Social Affairs and the Ministry of Economics for Curbing Transmissions of Coronavirus in Restaurants ('the Ordinance') as customers are only allowed to visit restaurants if they provide the operator with certain personal contact details completely and correctly. Furthermore, the plaintiff argued that Section 2(3) of the Ordinance violates Article 9(1) of the GDPR, which stipulates that the processing of personal data, including racial and ethnic origin, is prohibited, and that such information is regularly revealed by the data subject's name and address. In addition, the plaintiff argued that the Ordinance violated Article 5 of the GDPR, as the measure was not necessary and appropriate for the purpose, the data storage period is too long, and the data subjects have no security with regard to their personal data. The plaintiff further argued, among other things, that, due to the high fluctuation in personnel in the catering trade, a large number of people could gain access to the data, furthermore highlighting that, as restaurant staff tend not to be trained in data protection, there is no adequate protection of personal data.

However, the VGH Baden-Württemberg noted, in its Decision, that the processing of data under the Ordinance would not be prohibited by Article 9(1) of the GDPR , as such processing is permitted under Article 9(2)(h) of the GDPR, because it is for the purpose of health care and, additionally, it meets the requirements of Article 9(3) of the GDPR because it takes place exclusively for the purpose of providing information to the health department or the local police authority in order to carry out their sovereign duties in accordance with Sections 16 and 25 of the Infection Protection Law ('IfSG'). The VGH Baden-Württemberg highlighted that, in any case, it is doubtful that the data to be processed under Section 2(3) of the Ordinance is data within the meaning of Article 9(1) of the GDPR. Moreover, the VGH Baden-Württemberg held that Section 2(3)(3) of the Ordinance explicitly provides that the general provisions on the processing of personal data under the GDPR, including those concerning the security and confidentiality of processed data, remain unaffected by the Ordinance, and therefore, the Ordinance is not incompatible with Article 5 of the GDPR.

You can read the Decision, only available in German, here.The Central Bank of Russia ('the Central Bank') announced, on 21 July 2020, that the Bill No. 419059-7 on Digital Financial Assets ('the Bill') had passed second reading. In particular, the Russia State Parliament ('Duma') noted that the adoption of the Bill would introduce a definition of digital currency, and would allow digitalisation of traditional financial instruments to expand alternative ways to attract investments, protect investors and citizens from financial pyramids and other fraudulent schems, as well as will also contribute to the development of innovative technologies. In addition, the Bill would establish the Central Bank as the entity in charge of determining the characteristics of a digital financial asset ('DFA'). Moreover, DFAs may be issued by any legal entity, commercial and non-commercial organisations, and individual entrepreneurs, regardless of their residency, and all transactions containing DFAs will be made through DFAs exchange operators, including banks, stock exchanges, and other legal entitied if they meet certain criteria.

You can read the press release, only availbale in Russian, here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 22 July 2020, a statement on the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the AEPD outlined that, on one hand, the judgment invalidated the EU-US Privacy Shield and, on the other hand, declared Standard Contractual Clauses ('SCCs') valid as a mechanism for data transfers. In addition, the AEPD recalled that it participated in the adoption of the statement of the European Data Protection Board ('EDPB') and that it will continue to work together with other European data protection authorities in order to ensure a consistent application of the judgment among Member States.

You can read the statement, only available in Spanish, here.The Icelandic data protection authority ('Persónuvernd') published, on 20 July 2020, a decision ('the Decision') issued on 22 June 2020 finding that the publication of the opinion of the Parliamentary Ombudsman on the website of the Association of Icelandic Municipalities had not complied with data protection law. In particular, Persónuvernd highlighted that publication of the opinion of the Parliamentary Ombudsman constituted publication of personal information, and that the unintentional publication of this information was a breach which had not been reported to Persónuvernd. Moreover, Persónuvernd found that there was no legal basis for the processing and, in particular, that the processing was netiher necessary to fulfil a legal obligation nor to carry out work in the public interest. As a result, Persónuvernd considered that the processing was unlawful and that, in contravention of Article 5 of General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), data had not been processed in an adequately secure manner.

You can read the Decision, only available in Icelandic, here.The Ministry of Finance announced, on 21 July 2020, that a Memorandum of Understanding ('MoU') was signed between the Central Board of Direct Taxes ('CBDT') and the Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs ('CBIC') for data exchange between the two organisations. In particular, the MoU will facilitate the sharing of data between the CBDT and the CBIC on an automatic and regular basis. In addition to regular exchange of data, the CBDT and the CBIC will also exchange, on request and on an ad hoc basis, any information available in their respective databases which may have utility for the other organisation. Moreover, a Data Exchange Steering Group has been constituted for the initiative, which will periodically review the data exchange status and take steps to further improve the effectiveness of the data sharing mechanism.

You can read the press release here.The Ukrainian Parliamentary Commissioner for Human Rights ('the Commissioner') released, on 21 July 2020, a statement emphasising the importance of data protection following the leakage of large amounts of personal data via free VPN services. In particular, the Commissioner noted the data leakage primarily resulted from the violation of the principles of data integrity and confidentiality as servers were unprotected and passwords unencrypted. Moreover, the Commissioner stressed the importance of the responsible treatment of personal data, particularly, highlighting that every citizen should more carefully and thoroughly study the mechanisms for processing personal data when choosing a mobile application or website.

You can read the press release, only available in Ukrainian, here.The Spanish National Cybersecurity Institute ('INCIBE') published, on 15 July 2020, its guide ('the Guide') on cybersecurity and teleworking. In particular, the Guide aims to help companies and their employees in securely accessing their organization, either through corporate or personal devices, and the Guide outlines, among other things, data protection measures for teleworking devices. Furthermore, INCIBE noted that the two main steps that can be taken to protect data on teleworking devices is securing it on the teleworking device itself and performing periodic backups at one location controlled by the company, or not allowing information to be stored on telework devices, but storing it centrally in the organisation.

Moreover, INCIBE highlighted that sensitive information, such as personnel records, medical records or financial records, which are stored or sent to or from devices must be protected so that it is neither accessible nor modifiable. In addition, INCIBE stated that teleworkers often forget that storing sensitive information on an external device, or printing this information on a public printer, may also jeopardise confidentiality, and that an unauthorised disclosure of sensitive information could, in addition to having legal consequences, damage the image of the organisation and therefore the trust of customers. In any case, INCIBE noted that organisations must provide the security measures to be applied to the users responsible for mobile teleworking devices on how they should protect them.

You can read the press release here, and the Guide here, both only available in Spanish.The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China ('MIIT') announced, on 22 July 2020, that it had initiated an investigation following the use of segment codes to carry out cybercrimes. In particular, the MIIT noted that segment code '95' had been used to engage in cybercrimes such as cyber fraud. Moreover, the MIIT highlighted that it will be carrying out a nationwide inspection of telecommunication networks' code resources and will further strengthen business access numbers. Furthermore, the MIIT noted that telecommunication companies will be required to conduct network-wide investigations, as well as ensure the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of users, among other things.

You can read the press release, only available in Chinese, here.The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of New Zealand ('OPCNZ') released, on 22 July 2020, a statement on the CovidCard Bluetooth contact tracing solution for COVID-19 ('Coronavirus'). In particular, the OPCNZ highlighted that while many other countries are experimenting with a wide variety of software solutions which can be updated and improved, New Zealand is currently the only country actively pursuing a universal piece of hardware for distribution to the entire population as a principal means of defence against the Coronavirus. Furthermore, the OPCNZ noted that CovidCard would be designed based on what we know today and could not be adapted or improved once issued. In addition, the OPCNZ outlined that each card would be registered to an individual in a cenralised register which must include contact details, however noted that, as there is no population register in New Zealand, the closest record of individuals is maintained by the Inland Revenue.

Privacy Commissioner, John Edwards, noted, ''This would be a significant legal and cultural change for New Zealand society. The only current obligation to carry any kind of government-mandated card in public is the obligation to carry a driver's licence while driving.''

You can read the press release here and blog post here.The Spanish National Cybersecurity Institute ('INCIBE') announced, on 21 July 2020, that it had issued a guide ('the Guide') on cybersecurity for the construction sector. In particular, INCIBE outlined that the Guide is mainly aimed at small and medium enterprises working in the construction sector and adopting new technologies, such as the Internet of Things ('IoT'), in order to manage their stocks of materials, location, and templates. In addition, the Guide addresses, among other things, the reasons why cybersecurity is important for the construction sector, the most relevant threats, and the importance of cybersecurity training and awareness.

You can read the press release here and the Guide here, both only available in Spanish.The American Civil Liberties Union submitted, on 19 July 2020, to the California Secretary of State, along with other civil rights organisations, a rebuttal to an argument in favour of Proposition 24 on the November 2020 ballot, which would establish the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act ('CPRA'). In particular, the organisations noted that CPRA would reduce residents rights under the current law by giving big tech businesses new ways to collect private information, such as data from health and financial applications and that by approving a 'pay for privacy' model, companies would be able to charge more for safeguarding personal information. In addition, the organisations highlighted that the CPRA would restrict Californians from enforcing their privacy rights in court, as it would create a new enforcement agency which would be responsible to protect their rights.

You can read the rebuttal here.The Joint Research Centre ('JRC') of the European Commission ('the Commission') announced, on 22 July 2020, that it had published a report ('the Report') on cybersecurity in the EU. In particular, the Report provides multi-dimensional insights into the growth of cybersecurity over the last 40 years, identifying weaknesses in the current digital evolution and their impacts on European citizens and industry. In addition, the Report addresses, among other things, the intersection between cybersecurity and privacy, the impact of cybersecurity on new technologies such as Big Data, the Internet of Things ('IoT'), blockchain, and artificial intelligence, the evaluation of cybersecurity risks, and possible mitigation strategies.

You can read the press release here and access the study and a summary of the same here.The European Union Agency for Cybersecurity ('ENISA') published, on 20 July 2020, its Annual Report for 2019 ('the Annual Report'). In particular, the Annual Report outlines ENISA's main activities since the entry into force of Regulation (EU) 2019/881 of 17 April 2019 on ENISA ('the Cybersecurity Act'), while also noting that, among other things, the Cybersecurity Act gave ENISA a stronger role with regards to the cybersecurity certification framework and established the new Advisory Group to engage with key stakeholders, such as industry experts and consumer protection specialists. Moreover, in relation to data protection, the Annual Report highlights that ENISA assisted Member States in implementing security measures appropriate for the security of network and information systems as well as for personal data protection, and addressed key pseudonymisation techniques. In addition, the Annual Report notes ENISA's activities with regards to cybersecurity certification, challenges related to the Directive on Security Network and Information Systems (Directive (EU) 2016/1148) ('the NIS Directive'), and good practices for Internet of Things devices, such as smart cars.

You can read the Annual Report here.The Russian State Parliament ('Duma') announced, on 21 July 2020, that the bill to amend the Labour Code and implement remote work ('the Bill') had passed the first reading. In particular, the Duma noted that the initiative clarifies, among other things, the concept of remote work and simplifies the procedures for transferring employees to a temporary remote format. In addition, the Bill will strenghten the protection of employees working remotely, which can be permanent, temporary, or combined. Moreover, the Bill would increase the flexibility of employment and the use of information and communication technologies in labour relations, maximise the transition to electronic document management, and establish additional conditions on the obligation of employees to use means of information protection.

You can read the press release, only available in Russian, here.Maryland Health Enterprises, Inc., doing business as Lorien Health Services, notified, on 17 July 2020, the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services' Office for Civil Rights ('OCR') of a data breach affecting the personal information of 47,754 individuals, which the OCR is now investigating.

In particular, Lorien Health Services noted that the personal information affected included residents' names, social security numbers, dates of birth, addresses, and health diagnosis and treatment information, and highlighted that it had notified all affected individuals by letter. Moreover, Lorien Health Services outlined that it had, among other things, engaged a team of cybersecurity experts to assist with its response, reported the matter to the Federal Bureau of Investigation ('FBI'), and offered affected individuals complimentary credit monitoring and identity protection services.

You access the details of the OCR notification here, and read the press release here.The Korea Communications Commission ('KCC') issued, on 21 July 2020, clarifications on the revisions to the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilisation and Information Protection 2001, as amended 2018 ('ICNA') and the Telecommunications Business Act ('TBA'). In particular, the KCC provided that the revisions to the ICNA include among other things, the designation of an officer for internet service providers to prevent the distribution, through blocking and deletion measures, of any illegal recordings. Furthermore, the KCC noted that revisions to the TBA have also amended the sanctions to those who do not take measures to prevent the distributions of such illegal recordings to include up to three years imprisoment and KRW 100 million (approx. €73,000), and further fines of up to 3% of total relevant sales.

You can read the press release, only available in Korean, here.

UPDATE (22 July 2020)

KCC issues further clarification on revisions

The KCC issued, on 22 July 2020, further clarficiations on the revisions to the ICNA and TBA. In particular, the KCC clarified that business operators of specific size, need to establish technical and administrative measures through web operators and supplementary telecommunications operators that have been designated by it for the provision of services that allow users to publish and share information on an open platform. Furthermore, the KCC noted that business operators should follow such requirements including those with sales of more than KRW one billion (approx. €730,000) in the previous year, or an average of 100,000 daily users. The technical and administrative measures should allow, among other things, a reporting function for information shared on platforms, limitations on search results, filtering measures on content allowed to be shared on platforms and inform users that information shared on platforms that are illegal in nature may be punishable by law.



You can read the press release, only available in Korean, here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 20 July 2020, resolution ('the Resolution') in proceedings No. PS/00452/2019, fining Orange Espagne S.A.U. €80,000 for violating Article 6 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Resolution outlines that an individual claimant argued that Orange Espagne unlawfully activated several telephone line contracts using their personal data. In addition, the Resolution finds that Orange Espagne's conduct constituted processing carried out without legitimacy, as the claimant's personal data was included in the company's information systems and credit information files without a lawful legal basis.

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.The Norwegian data protection authority ('Datatilsynet') announced, on 20 July 2020, that it has sent a letter ('the Letter') to the International Baccalaureate Organization ('IBO') requesting responses in relation to the compliance of the grading system, which is partly based on former student data, with data protection regulations. In particular, Datatilsynet highlighted that grading students based on historical data about former students can lead to profiling, and that automated decision making is prohibited under Article 22 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') unless there are appropriate safeguards in place, such as the right to human intervention in the decision-making process. In addition, Datatilsynet noted that since the main establishment of the IBO is located outside the EEA, regardless of whether cross-border processing is taking place, Datatilsynet is competent to monitor the application of the GDPR in Norway in accordance with Article 51(1) of the GDPR. Moreover, the Letter asks, among other things, whether the processing of IBO students' grades is fair as well as whether the data used in the calculation of final grades is adequate, relevant, and limited to what is necessary in relation to their purpose, while also seeking further explanation on the possible automated decision-making system in place.

Datatilsynet requested the IBO's response by 24 July 2020.

You can read the press release, only available in Norwegian, here and the Letter here.Federal financial regulators from the EU and the US issued, on 17 July 2020, a joint statement ('the Statment') following a forum that took place from 14-15 July 2020 to discuss topics as part of an ongoing regulatory dialogue and in response to the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') crisis. In particular, the Statment outlines that the forum focused on key themes including anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism ('AML/CFT') and the regulation as well as the supervision of digital finance and financial innovation. With regard to digital innovation, the Statement notes that the EU and the US participants discussed digital operational resilience and developments in crypto-assets, so-called stablecoins, and central banking digital currencies. Finally, the Statment details that participants acknowledge the importance of mutual cooperation in their ongoing financial regulatory dialogue and notes that the discussion will continue in the next forum meeting expected to take place in Washington at the beginning of 2021.

You can read the Statment here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 20 July 2020, a resolution No. PS/ 00068/2020 ('the Resolution'), imposing on Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, SA ('BBVA') an administrative fine of €24,000 for violating Article 6(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, following a complaint that BBVA had consulted the complainant's data held in solvency and credit information files without any prior contractual relationship with them, the AEPD found that the complainant had not signed any contract with BBVA, and that BBVA had failed to conduct adequate due diligence. Therefore, the AEPD considered that BBVA did not have a lawful basis for processing the complainant's data and, thus, had breached Article 6(1) of the GDPR. Lastly, the AEPD imposed a fine of €24,000, which was subsequently reduced to €18,000 as a result of Esplora Proyectos's voluntary payment.

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.The Hellenic Data Protection Authority ('HDPA') issued, on 29 June 2020, a decision fining New York College S.A. €5,000 for breaching the accountability obligation under Article 5 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, following a complaint in relation to New York College directly contacting the complainant by telephone about an education programme, as well as subsequently failing to adequately respond to the complainant's request for information and access to their personal data, the HDPA found that New York College was a data controller as they had processed information relating to the employment status of the complainant. More specifically, the HDPA highlighted that New York College had failed to show that it processed personal data in a transparent manner in relation to the data subject, thereby breaching Article 5(1) and 5(2) of the GDPR. Therefore, the HDPA imposed a fine of €5,000 and ordered New York College to bring their processing of data relating to people interested in their education programs, in compliance with the GDPR and, in particular, with Articles 5 and 6 of the GDPR.

You can download the Decision, only available in Greek, here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 20 July 2020, a resolution ('the Resolution') in proceeding No. PS/00060/2020, fining Iberia Lae SA Operadora Unipersonal €40,000 for violating Article 58(2) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Resolution outlines that an individual claimant argued that Iberia Lae did not provide him/her with access to the requested telephone recordings. Specifically, the Resolution highlights that it has been proven that the access request of the claimant did not receive a reply, despite the previous order of the AEPD.

Lastly, the Resolution imposes a fine of €40,000, which was subsequently reduced to €24,000 as a result of Iberia Lae's voluntary payment.

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') published, on 20 July 2020, its annual report ('the Report') for April 2019 to March 2020, which includes a performance and accountability report as well as financial statements. In particular, the ICO outlined that it had received 38,514 data protection complaints, conducted over 2,100 investigations, taken 236 regulatory actions in response to violations, 54 of which constituted information notices, eight assessment notices, seven enforcement notices, four cautions, eight prosecutions and 15 fines. Furthermore, the Report highlights that the ICO is awaiting the parliamentary approval process regarding the Age Appropriate Design Code ('the Code') and that it will be developing its approach to regulatory supervision of parties covered by the Code. In addition, the Report indicates that it aims to restart investigations of the AdTech industry during 2020/21.

You can read the press release here and the Report here.The Monetary Authority of Singapore ('MAS') released, on 21 July 2020, its consultation paper on the introduction of a new omnibus act ('the Proposed Act') for the financial sector ('the Paper'). In particular, the Paper highlights that MAS intends to transpose existing requirements into the Proposed Act and introduce additional provisions, including a harmonised and expanded power to issue prohibition orders, a section that would regulate virtual asset service providers created in Singapore for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism, a harmonised power to impose requirements on technology risk management, as well as provide mediators, adjudicators, and employees of an operator of an approved dispute resolution scheme with statutory protection from liability.

Comments can be submitted to [email protected] or via post by 20 August 2020.

You can read the press release here, the Paper here, and the template for responses here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 20 July 2020, a resolution ('the Resolution') in proceedings No. PS/00450/2019, fining Xfera Móviles, S.A. €70,000 for violating Article 5(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Resolution outlines that an individual claimant argued that he/she received a call from another Xfera Móviles' client, who stated that the company charged his/her bank account an invoice entitled to the claimant, disclosing his/her personal data. In addition, the Resolution highlights that Xfera Móviles when contacted by the third party client admitted a mistake was made which led to the disclosure of the aforementioned personal data. Moreover, the Resolution stated that Xfera Móviles's conduct amounted to a violation of the principles of integrity and confidentiality.

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD'), issued, on 20 July 2020, a resolution No. PS/00459/2019 ('the Resolution') fining Comercial Vigobrandy, SL. €1,500 for installing CCTV surveillance without providing adequate information through the use of a sign. In particular, following a complaint that Comercial Vigobrandy had unlawfully installed CCTV surveillance, the AEPD found that the company had not used an appropriate sign and had failed to inform customers that the company acts a data controller and the purposes of the processing of data. In addition, the AEPD highlighted that it is sufficient to place an informative sign in a visible place, such as the entrance of a building subjected to CCTV surveillance. Therefore, the AEPD found that Comercial Vigobrandy had breached Article 12 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') by failing to provide information on data subject rights, their status as data controller, and the purposes of processing such data when installing a CCTV surveillance system. Lastly, the AEPD imposed a fine of €1,500 and ordered Comercial Vigobrandy to prove to the AEPD that they have placed an informative sign.

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.The Personal Data Protection Authority ('KVKK') issued, on 17 June 2020, a statement on the right to be forgotten from search engine results. In particular, the KVKK highlighted that the right to be forgotten arises from several pieces of legislation such as the Law on Protection of Personal Data No. 6698 ('the Law'), the Regulation on the Deletion, Destruction, or Anonymisation of Personal Data, and the Constitution of the Republic of Turkey. In addition, the KVKK noted that as search engine operators determine the purposes and means of the processing of data collected by third parties on the internet, they are to be classed as data controllers within the scope of the definition in Article 3 of the Law, and that their activities fall with in the definition of 'personal data processing' under the Law.

Moreover, the KVKK outlined that when considering if a search result should be removed, a balance test needs to be carried out in which the fundamental rights and freedoms of the individual concerned as well as the interests that the public will obtain from the information in question must be considered, among others. Furthermore, the KVKK noted that data subjects may also apply directly to the courts to have search results removed if the data controller has not responded to a request.

You can read the statement, only available in Turkish, here.The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ('FDIC') announced, on 20 July 2020, that it is seeking public input on the potential for a public and private sector standards-setting partnership and voluntary certification program to promote the efficient adoption of innovative technologies at FDIC-supervised financial institutions and released a request for information ('RFI') on the same. In particular, the RFI is seeking input on whether a standard-setting and voluntary certification program could help manage model risk and aid in conducting due diligence of third-party providers of technology and other services. In addition, the RFI notes that FDIC is particularly interested in information on models and technology services developed and provided by fintech companies.

Comments must be received 60 days after the date of publication in the Federal Register.

You can read the press release here and the RFI here.The Colombian data protection authority ('SIC') announced, on 14 July 2020, that it had issued a resolution ('the Resolution') noting that Statutory Law 1581 of 2012 (October 17) must be complied with when collecting, using, and processing personal data for various purposes (marketing, political, portfolio collection, etc.) through the use of techniques or tools such as, among others, 'predictive markers', 'robocalls', 'nuisance calls,' and artificial intelligence ('AI'). In particular, the Resolution is regarding an appeal made by Mervicol SAS, relating to a previous resolution for Mervicol's use of 'predictive markers'. In addition, the SIC impose a sanction of COP 12,421,740 (approx. €2,980).

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada, the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, Switzerland, the Information Commissioner's Office, UK, the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data, Hong Kong, the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority Information Commissioner, and the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner issued, on 21 July 2020, an open letter ('the Letter') to companies providing video teleconferencing services ('VTC'). In particular, the Letter sets out concerns and the steps that VTC companies must take to mitigate any identified risks and ensure that citizens' personal information is protected in a non-exhaustive list of data protection and privacy issues. Specifically, the Letter outlines the requirements including data security to ensure information is adequately protected, Privacy by Design and Privacy by Default, as well as transparency and fairness in data collection and processing.

In addition, the Letter recognises the valuable service offered by VTC companies to help people stay connected and that the principles set out in the Letter not only seek to ensure compliance with data protection and privacy laws around the world but also help to build trust and confidence of the VTC companies' users.

You can read the Letter here.The Government of Spain ('the Government') announced, on 20 July 2020, that it constituted a new advisory council for artificial intelligence ('AI'). In particular, the Government outlined that the advisory body will provide independent advice and recommendations on measures to be taken in order to ensure the safe and ethical use of AI. Specifically, the Government highlighted that the advisory council will assess the implications of AI technologies for sectors such as the administration and the future of work, the protection of fundamental rights, the management of data, the fight against discrimination, and the elimination of social gaps.

You can read the press release, only available in Spanish, here.The Dutch data protection authority ('AP') published, on 20 July 2020, its statement on the Court Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the AP summarised the judgment and highlighted that organisations in the EU should not simply transfer personal data to the US. Furthermore, the AP noted that, the Commission must set up a new regime for the transfer of data from the EU to the US and that the AP is now examining the practical implications of the judgment within the European Data Protection Board ('EDPB').

You can read the press release, only available in Dutch, here.The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner ('OAIC') announced, on 21 July 2020, that it had launched urgent preliminary inquiries into the reported data breach of patient information in Western Australia. In particular, the OAIC highlighted that an entity regulated by the Privacy Act 1988 (No. 119, 1988) (as amended) ('the Privacy Act') must take reasonable steps to protect the personal information it holds from misuse, interference, and loss, as well as unauthorised access, modification, or disclosure. Furthermore, the OAIC noted that the Privacy Act covers private health providers, organisations with an annual turnover of more than AUD 3 million (approx. €1.8 million), and most Australian Government agencies, therefore does not generally cover Western Australian State Government Departments.

You can read the press release here.The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 20 July 2020, resolution No. PS/00057/2020 ('the Resolution'), fining Esplora Proyectos S.L. €10,000 for violating Article 22(2) of Law No. 34/2002, of 11 July 2002, on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce. In particular, the Resolution outlines that an individual claimant argued that Esplora Proyectos's three websites installed cookies on users' devices without providing information on the same. In addition, the Resolution highlights that, when accessing the websites, cookies are installed in the user's device without the latter having carried out any action, as well as that the cookie banners displayed in the home apage contain information that are not easily understandable. Moreover, the Resolution states that the cookie policy of the websites does not provide information on the identity and characteristic of single cookies, as well as on the presence of third-party cookies and the cookies' retention period. Furthermore, the Resolution highlights that the websites do not provide a mechanism to allow the rejection of all cookies.

Lastly, the Resolution imposes a fine of €10,000, which was subsequently reduced to €6,000 as a result of Esplora Proyectos's voluntary payment.

You can read the Resolution, only available in Spanish, here.



The Credit Union National Association ('CUNA') announced, on 14 July 2020, the launch of a website ('the Website') for Equifax, Inc. data breach settlement claims. In particular, CUNA stated that the Website has been launched for credit unions and other financial institutions plaintiffs to file claims in the settlement reached in the Equifax data breach lawsuit. Further, CUNA outlined that the settlement class will be limited to financial institutions that had alerted-on payment cards as a result of the breach and class members will be permitted to make claims for losses attributable to said cards, as well as damages suffered resulting from their customers' personally identifiable information exposure.

You can read the press release here and access the Website here.The Polish data protection authority ('UODO') issued, on 20 July 2020, a statement on the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the UODO noted the CJEU's reservation in relation to the importance of the rights of persons whose personal data is transferred to a third country on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses ('SCCs') to be protected to an extent substantially equivalent to that guaranteed in the EU by the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In addition, the UODO underlined the necessity of a coherent approach to the assessment of the consequences of the CJEU judgment throughout the EU and the necessity of joint actions in this respect by national supervisory authorities cooperating within the European Data Protection Board ('EDPB'), in the work in which the UODO participates.

You can read the statement, only available in Polish, here.The Constitutional Court published, on 17 July 2020, its decision issued on 27 May 2020 declaring Section 113 of the Telecommunications Act ('TKG') and several federal specialist laws ('the Specialist Laws') regulating the disclosure of inventory data unconstitutional, with the Federal Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information ('BfDI'), the Thuringian State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information ('TLfDI'), and the Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information ('HmbBfDI') making a statement on the same. In particular, the Constitutional Court noted that inventory data includes names, addresses, date of birth, and IP addresses which are often obtained by intelligence services for criminal prosecution, and found that Section 113 of the TKG and the Specialist Laws violate the fundamental right of telephone and internet subscribers to themselves determine the disclosure and use of their personal data, as well as their right to protection of telecommunications secrecy. In addition, the Constitutional Court held that EU law, including the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), does not contain provisions obliging Member States to implement legislation covering the disclosure of inventory data, that disclosure of inventory data from telecommunications service providers must include clear limitations on the purposes for which the data is used, and that authorisations to retrieve such data must be proportionate. Moreover, the BfDI, the TLfDI and the HmbBfDI all welcomed the Constitutional Court's decision, with the BfDI noting that for information based on IP addresses the standard for admitting requests for access to inventory data used to be too broad.

You can read the decision here, the BfDI statement here, the TLfDI statement here, and the HmbBfDI statement here, all only available in German.The Privacy Protection Authority ('PPA') published, on 15 July 2020, its opinion ('the Opinion') on the temporary order regarding the certification of the General Security Service's ('GSS') assistance in the national effort to reduce the spread of COVID-19 ('Coronavirus'). In particular, in the Opinion, the PPA declared the use of technological capabilities of the GSS, for the purpose of identifying patients contacts, a serious violation of the right to privacy. Furthermore, the PPA acknowledged the urgent need for effective means to trace contacts of patients, and highlighted the need to locate and use alternative proportionate means for the long term, since the Coronavirus may not disappear for some time. As a result, the PPA called for the immediate launch of the Ministry of Health's consent-based widget as an alternative which preserves user privacy.

You can read the press release here and the Opinion here, both only available in Hebrew.The Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Nova Scotia ('OIPC') issued, on 15 July 2020, its 2019-2020 annual report ('the Report'). In particular, the Report reiterates calls for the modernisation of privacy legislation, and highlights consequences of previous failures to implement past recommendations to improve Nova Scotia's access and privacy laws, where such recommendations include mandating privacy breach reporting to the OIPC, or correcting the lack of privacy oversight for municipalities and the lack of authority to review privacy complaints about municipalities. In addition, the Report notes the backlog of cases before the OIPC reaching back to 2016, and criticises the resources and process which is required to better handle cases. Moreover, the Report discusses the effects that COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') has had, and highlights annual statistics for the year, such as 855 reported breaches in relation to personal health information.

You can read the press release here and the Report here.The Federal Cartel Office ('Bundeskartellamt') published, on 17 July 2020, the main findings and recommendations ('the Results') following a sector inquiry on Smart TVs. In particular, the Results indicate, among other things, that the use of Smart TVs has violated several German consumer law provisions including rules on unfair competition and data protection. More specifically, in relation to the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), the Results note that sensitive data is mostly collected upon activation of additional services (e.g. voice assistants) or third-party apps, that it is doubtful whether companies can fulfil their obligation to communicate all necessary information under the GDPR through using standardised icons as well as that, under current consumer legislation consumers cannot claim software security updates which affect data security. In addition, Bundeskartellamt recommended, among other things, that supervisory authorities, the courts, and the legislator demand, for each type of data, information on the legal basis for processing data, transfers of the data within the company and to external recipients and third countries, as well as the maximum period of data storage. Moreover, Bundeskartellamt pointed out that the aim of privacy policies should be to make the use, storage, and any transfer of personal data transparent to the consumer. Lastly, Bundeskartellamt noted the importance of consumers accessing all relevant documentation and being able to terminate the processing of their personal data and suggested that withdrawal of consent should be implemented in the menu of Internet of Things devices.

You can read the press release here and the Results here.The UK Government ('the Government') issued, on 17 July 2020, a statement in response to the Court Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the Government stated that it is disappointed that the EU's adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield had been invalidated, and that it is pleased that Standard Contractual Clauses ('SCCs') remain in place as a mechanism for transferring data internationally. In addition, the Government noted that it is considering any further implications that may arise from the judgment in relation to SCCs, and highlighted that it remains committed to supporting UK organisations on international data transfers.

You can read the press release here.The Financial Markets Authority ('AMF') published, on 16 July 2020, a guide ('the Guide') on the freezing of assets in the context of complying with anti-money laundering and combatting the financing of terrorism ('AML/CFT') obligations. In particular, the Guide aims to assist professionals, including collective investment management companies mentioned under the Monetary and Financial Code, and managers of venture capital and social entrepreneurship funds, in understanding the asset freezing regimes applicable in France and notes that national freezing measures only apply to persons subject to AML/CFT obligations holding funds or economic resources on behalf of a client. In addition, the Guide outlines the rules applicable to the national register and the European list of persons subject to, among others, asset freezing measures. Moreover, the Guide states that the filtering of customer databases in relation to orders imposing new asset freezing measures, which is part of the system of detection of persons or entities subject to asset freezing, complies with applicable data protection requirements.

You can read the press release here and the Guide here, both only available in French.The Chairman of the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, Senator Roger Wicker, and the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Manufacturing, Trade, and Consumer Protection, Senator Jerry Moran, issued, on 17 July 2020, a statement on the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the Senators noted that the invalidation of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield will have a troubling economic effect on business, particularly small and medium-sized companies. Therefore, the Senators emphasised the importance of the establishment of a successor framework to support economic development and adequately protect consumer data being transferred across borders.

You can read the press release here.The State Service of Special Communication and Information Protection ('DSSZZI') released, on 17 July 2020, a statement regarding minimising risks associated with the Internet of Things ('IoT'). In particular, the DSSZZI recommended that individuals change their default password, enable two-factor authentication, regularly update a device's software, and disable a device's access to the internet if not necessary. Specifically, the DSSZZI noted that such protections are important as responses by IoT device manufacturers to vulnerabilities and security in devices are not always handled swiftly or with high quality.

You can read the press release, only available in Ukrainian, here.Resolution No. 151 of 2020 approving the Law on the Protection of Personal Data ('the Data Protection Law') was published, on 17 July 2020, in the Official Gazette. In particular, the Data Protection Law applies to the processing of personal data carried out electronically, in part or in full, further providing for the processing activities to which the Data Protection Law does not apply, such as processing of data for personal use. Moreover, the Data Protection Law states that the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology will issue the Data Protection Law's executive regulations within six months from the date of implementation of the Data Protection law itself.

Furthermore, Article 2 of the Data Protection law establishes the data subject's consent as the main legal basis for the processing of personal data. The Data Protection Law also provides for data subjects' rights in relation to the processing of their personal data. In addition, Article 3 of the Data Protection Law provides for the conditions and principles that data processing must respect. Moreover, the Data Protection Law establishes the Centre for the Protection of Personal Data as the regulatory body aiming to maintain compliance with the Data Protection Law.

The Data Protection Law further addresses, among other things, the processing of sensitive personal data, cross-border data transfers, electronic direct marketing practices, and monetary penalties and criminal sanctions for violations of the Data Protection Law itself.

Lastly, the Data Protection Law will come into force three months after its publication in the Official Gazette.

You can read the Data Protection Law, only available in Arabic, here.The French data protection authority ('CNIL') announced, on 20 July 2020, that following its checks on the StopCovid app developed during the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic, it has found that the new version of the app generally complies with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') and the Act No.78-17 of 6 January 1978 on Information Technology, Data Files and Civil Liberties. In addition, CNIL has published its decision notifying the Ministry of Solidarity and Health of an order to remedy certain data protection irregularities related to the app. In particular, CNIL approved of the fact that the IP address of the terminal equipment was used by the so-called anti-DDOS (Distributed Denial of Service) security system which was deployed as part of the StopCovid app. Moreover, in relation to the irregularities, CNIL found some breaches of the GDPR, including a breach of the obligation to inform the persons concerned as required under Article 13 of the GDPR, and a failure to perform a complete Data Protection Impact Assessment ('DPIA') as required under Article 35(7)(a) of the GDPR because of an inadequate description all the data processing operations in connection with the StopCovid app. Further to the above, CNIL ordered, the Ministry of Solidarity and Health to rectify these irregularities within one month after notifying the Ministry of Solidarity and Health of the Decision.

You can read the press release here and the decision here, both only available in French.The Payment Card Industry ('PCI') Security Standards Council announced, on 17 July 2020, the updated dates for key block implementations for PCI PIN Security Requirments 18-3. In particular, the PCI stated that the new effective date for the implementation of key blocks for external connnections to associations and networks will be on 1 January 2023, and the new effective date for they key block to extend to all merchant hosts, point-of-sale devices, and ATMs will be 1 January 2025.

You can read the press release here.The European Data Protection Board ('EDPB') announced, on 20 July 2020, the outcome of its 34th plenary session. In particular, the EDPB recalled that it has issued a statement on the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18), adopted its guidelines ('the Guidelines') on the interplay between the Payment Services Directive ((EU) 2015/2366) ('PSD2') and the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), and published a response letter ('the Letter') to the Member of Parliament Ďuriš Nicholsonová on contact tracing, interoperability of apps, and Data Protection Impact Assessment ('DPIAs').

In addition, the EDPB outlined that the Guidelines address the application of the GDPR to new payment initiation services and account information services, as introduced by PSD2. Specifically, the EDPB noted that the processing of special categories of personal data in the above circumstances is generally prohibited, in line with Article 9(1) of the GDPR, except when explicit consent is given by the data subject or when the processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest.

Lastly, the EDPB highlighted that the Letter addresses questions on the harmonisation and interoperability of contact tracing apps, the requirement of a DPIA for such processing, and the duration for which processing may be put in place.

You can read the press release here.

UPDATE (22 July 2020)

EDPB launches public consultation on guidelines on PSD2 and GDPR interoperability

The EDPB launched, on 22 July 2020, a public consultation on the Guidelines.

The consultation will end on 16 September 2020, and comments can be submitted here.

You can access the public cosultation page here and read the Guidelines here.

UPDATE (29 July 2020)

EDPB publishes letter on Coronavirus and data protection

The EDPB published, on 17 July 2020, the Letter.

You can read the Letter here.The UK Government ('the Government') admitted, on 15 July 2020, in its response letter ('the Letter') to the Open Rights Group ('ORG') that a Data Protection Impact Assessment ('DPIA') as required under Article 35 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') was not conducted prior to the commencement of the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') NHS Test & Trace Programme ('the Programme'). However, the Government noted that such a DPIA is currently being finalised, drawing on the extensive data protection compliance work done on the substance of the Programme's processing of personal data, including through detailed engagement with the Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO'). In addition, the Government acknowledged that it would have been preferable for a single DPIA to have been in place prior to the commencement of the Programme, and that there should have been impact assessments in place addressing all aspects of the processing of personal data under the Programme; however, it noted that the development of the Programme has had to occur with unparalleled urgency, to help to meet the most serious public health crisis in a century. Furthermore, the Government confirmed its aim to design and operate the Programme in a manner which removes or reduces the risks to personal data.

You can read the Letter here.The Information Regulator ('the Regulator') published, on 17 July 2020, its draft Guidelines on the Registration of Information Officers ('the Guidelines') and invited comments on the same. In particular, the Regulator outlined that the Guidelines require, among other things, that a responsible party registers its Information Officer with the Regulator before taking up their respective duties in terms of the Protection of Personal Information Act, 2013 and the Promotion of Access to Information Act, 2000. Furthermore, the Guidelines provide guidance and the procedures for registration, training, and designation of both Information Officers and deputies with the Regulator, including their duties and responsibilities, and template agreements to be used by internal Information Officers with their deputies.

Comments may be submitted until 16:00 on 16 August 2020 either to Braampark, Forum 3, 33 Hoofd Street, Braamfontein, 2017 or via email to [email protected]

You can read the press release and the Guidelines here.The European Commission ('the Commission') announced, on 17 July 2020, that it had issued its consultation summary report ('the Summary Report') on the Commission's public consultation on its white paper ('the White Paper') on artificial intelligence ('AI'). In particular, the Summary Report summarises the stakeholders' comments to the public consultation, analysing preliminary trends on the same. Specifically, the Commission outlined that the majority of respondents found that certain actions proposed by the White Paper aimed to build a AI ecosystem of excellence, such as working with Member States and promoting partnerships with the private sector, were important. In addition, the Commission highlighted that respondents argued for the introduction of new regulations or the modification of existing regulations in relation to AI technologies, whilst there was a considerable divide of opinion as to whether new compulsory requirements should be limited to high-risk applications.

You can read the press release here and download the Summary Report here.The Dubai International Financial Centre published, on 18 July 2020, a statement covering legal framework developments on the first half of 2020. In particular, the press release outlines that the DIFC Data Protection Law No.5 of 2020 came into effect on 1 July 2020, alongside extensive guidance and the Board of Directors of the DIFC Authority's Data Protection Regulations, which set out expectations for controllers and processors in the DIFC regarding key privacy and security principles. Furthermore, the press release indicates that the DIFC has invested in four start-ups from its FinTech Fund to support diversification in the financial sector.

You can read the press release here.Following the publication of the Court Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'), various European data protection authorities have issed statements in response to the judgment.

Croatia

The Personal Data Protection Agency ('AZOP') issued, on 20 July 2020, its statement on the Schrems II Case.

You can read the statement, only available in Croatian, here.

Cyprus

The Office of the Commissioner for Personal Data Protection ('the Commissioner') issued, on 20 July 2020, its statement on the Schrems II Case.

You can read the statement, only available in Greek, here.

Czech Republic

The Office for Personal Data Protection ('UOOU') issued, on 16 July 2020, its statement on the Schrems II Case.

You can read the Statement, only available in Czech, here.

Denmark

The Danish data protection authority ('Datatilsynet') issued, on 17 July 2020, a statement on the Schrems II Case, outlining that it will work with the European Data Protection Board ('EDPB'), together with other EU data protection authorities, in order to carry out a detailed analysis of the judgment and its implications for the transfer of personal data to third countries and international organisations.

You can read the press release, only available in Danish, here.

EDPB

The European Data Protection Board ('EDPB') issued, on 17 July 2020, a statement on the Schrems II Case, welcoming the CJEU's judgment and highlighting the need to conduct adequacy assessments prior to transferring data under the SCC mechanism.

You can read the full story here.

EDPS

The The European Data Protection Supervisor ('EDPS') issued, on 17 July 2020, a statement on the Schrems II Case, welcoming the CJEU's judgment and calling for federal US privacy reform.

You can read the full story here.

Estonia

The Data Protection Inspectorate ('DPI') issued, on 17 July 2020, a statement on the Schrems II Case in which it highlighted that an adequacy assessment must be carried out when transferring data under SCCs, and published guidance in relation to the same.

You can read the full story here.

Finland

The Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman issued, on 16 July 2020, a statement on the Schrems II Case, noting that the EDPB will assess the implications of the ruling at its plenary session on 17 July 2020, and will release more information on the effects of the ruling in the near future.

You can read the press release, only available in Finnish, here.

France

The French data protection authority ('CNIL') issued, on 17 July 2020, a statement in which it stated that it will carry out and in-depth analysis of the Schrems II Case and assess impact for EU-US data transfers.

You can read the full story here.

Germany: Berlin

The Berlin data protection authority ('Berlin Commissioner') issued, on 17 July 2020, a statement in which it, among other things, asked controllers to stop data transfers to the US.

You can read the full story here.

Germany: Federal

The Federal Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information ('BfDI') issued, on 16 July 2020, a statement in which it highlighted that there will be an onus on supervisory authorities and companies following the Schrems II Case.

You can read the full story here.

The German Data Protection Conference ('DSK') issued, on 28 July 2020, a statement including a first assessment on the impact the Schrems II Case has on data transfers to the US and other third countries.

You can read the full story here.

Germany: Hamburg

The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information ('HmbBfDI') issued, on 16 July 2020, a statement in which it highlighted inconsistencies with regard to Standard Contractual Clauses ('SCCs') and the expanding role of supervisory authorities with regard to international data transfers.

You can read the full story here.

Germany: Rhineland-Palatinate

The Rhineland-Palatinate data protection authority ('LfDI Rheinland-Pfalz') issued, on 16 July 2020, a statement and frequently asked questions in which it emphasised the work needed for organisations to reassess data transfer practices in light of the Schrems II Case, and stressed organisations' audit obligations.

You can read the full story here.

Germany: Thuringia

The Thuringia State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information ('TLfDI') issued, on 16 July 2020, a statement in which it expressed, among other things, concerns about the impact of the Schrems II Case on SCCs.

You can read the full story here.

Iceland

The Icelandic data protection authority ('Persónuvernd') issued, on 16 July 2020, a statement on the Schrems II Case, highlighting that the EDPB will discuss the judgment during its meeting on 17 July 2020, and that Persónuvernd will release further guidance in the coming days.

You can read the press release, only available in Icelandic, here.

Ireland

The Data Protection Commission issued, on 16 July 2020, a statement in which, among other things, it questioned the future validity of SCCs.

You can read the full story here.

Italy

The Italian data protection authority ('Garante') issued, on 29 July 2020, its statement on the Schrems II Case.

You can read the statement, only available in Italian, here.

Latvia

The Data State Inspectorate ('DVI') issued, on 20 July 2020, its statement on the Schrems II Case.

You can read the statement, only available in Latvian, here.

Liechtenstein

The Liechtensteiner data protection authority ('DSS') issued, on 17 July 2020, a statement in which it highlighted that, until a new agreement with the US on data transfers is agreed, organisations will have to rely upon appropriate safeguards under Article 46 of the GDPR, and in particular upon SCCs, and updated its guidance on international data transfers in light of the same.

You can read the full story here.

Luxembourg

The National Commission for Data Protection ('CNPD') issued, on 20 July 2020, its statement on the Schrems II Case.

You can read the statement, only available in French, here.

Norway

The Norwegian data protection authority ('Datatilsynet') issued, on 16 July 2020, a statement in which it noted, among other things, that any companies currently using the EU-US Privacy Shield framework must consider other bases for transferring data to the US, and that it will collaborate with other supervisory authorities in the EEA in order to provide further guidance to assist companies' compliance with the decision.

You can read the full story here.

Datatilsynet published, on 27 July 2020, Questions & Answers on the Schrems II Case.

You can read the full story here.

Romania

The National Supervisory Authority for Personal Data Processing ('ANSPDCP') issued, on 20 July 2020, its statement on the Schrems II Case.

You can read the statement, only available in Romanian, here.

Serbia

The Commissioner for Information of Public Importance and Personal Data Protection ('Poverenik') issued, on 11 August 2020, a statement on the Schrems II Case and highlighted that it had sent a letter to the Government of Serbia to harmonise thethe Law on Protection of Personal Data 2018 with the Schrems II case and European practice.

You can read the full story here.

Slovenia

The Information Commissioner issued, on 16 July 2020, a statement in which it highlighted, among other things, that organisations that export data to the US and have so far relied on the recipient company to be included in the EU-US Privacy Shield List, they must ensure that transfers are justified on another basis as soon as possible (e.g. SCCs, Binding Corporate Rules ('BCRs'), and exceptions), otherwise personal data may not be transmitted in the US.

You can read the full story here.

Slovakia

The Office for Personal Data Protection of the Slovak Republic ('ÚOOÚ') issued, on 16 July 2020, its statement on the Schrems II Case.

You can read the Statement, only available in Slovak, here.

Spain

The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 22 July 2020, its statement on the Schrems II Case, calling for a common European approach to international data transfer regulation going forward.

You can read the full story here.

Switzerland

The Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner ('FDPIC') issued, on 16 July 2020, a statement in which, among other things, it stated that the Schrems II Case is not directly applicable to Switzerland.

You can read the full story here.

UK

The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') issued, on 16 July 2020, a statement in which it announced its intentions to support UK organisations following the Schrems II Case, as well as work with government and international agencies to ensure the continuation of international data transfers.

You can read the full story here.

In addition, the UK Government, issued, on 17 July 2020, a statement in which, among other things, it expressed its disappointment that the Privacy Shield had been invalidated.

You can read the full story here.The European Commission ('the Commission') announced, on 17 July 2020, that the High-Level Expert Group on Artificial Intelligence ('AI HLEG') had presented its final assessment list ('the List') for trustworthy artificial intelligence ('AI') to the Commission. In particular, the Commission highlighted that through the List, AI principles, such as those pertaining to privacy and data governance, as well as technical robustness and safety, are translated into a checklist that seeks to guide developers and deployers of AI in implementing said principles in practice. More specifically, in relation to data protection, the List includes questions to ensure compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), asking for instance, whether AI developers have put in place a Data Protection Impact Assessment ('DPIA') and whether they have assessed the necessity and proportionality of the processing operations related to AI systems.

You can read the press release here and download the List here.The French data protection authority ('CNIL') issued, on 17 July 2020, a statement on the Court of Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, CNIL noted that the judgment invalidated the Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2016/1250 of 12 July 2016 pursuant to Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Adequacy of the Protection provided by the EU-US Privacy Shield and validated the use of Standard Contractual Clauses ('SCCs') for transfers outside the EU. In relation to the same, CNIL highlighted that it is currently carrying out an in-depth analysis of the Schrems II judgment in collaboration with European data protection authorities during the European Data Protection Board ('EDPB') meeting, with the aim of determining the consequences for data transfers from the EU to the US.

You can read the press release, only available in French, here.