,url,title,text,topics
0,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/bosnia-herzegovina-azlp-issues-opinion-transferring-data-holders-car-leases-third-party,Bosnia & Herzegovina: AZLP issues opinion on transferring data of holders of car leases to a third party," The Agency for Personal Data Protection in Bosnia and Herzegovina ('AZLP') published, on 10 August 2020, an opinion ('the Opinion') issued, on 29 June 2020, regarding Euro Parking Collection plc's transferring of data belonging to car lease holders, with unpaid parking tickets, to a third-party leasing company. In particular, the AZLP noted that in cases where the data subject has not given its consent to the processing, data may be processed on the basis of the legitimate interests of the controller or a third party, and that the transfer of data to a third party can, further to Article 17 of the Law on the Protection of Personal Data No. 49/06 ('the PDPL'), occur on the basis of a written request by a third party if such transfer is necessary for the statutory duties or the legitimate interests of the third party.  More specifically, the AZLP highlighted that if Euro Parking proves the existence of a legitimate interest for providing this data to the third party leasing company, there exists a legal basis for transferring the data which will allow the third party to determine the identity of the person who had not paid the parking ticket. ","['Data Transfer', 'Legitimate Interests', 'Supervisory Authority', 'Third Parties']"
1,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/uk-icos-age-appropriate-design-code-come-effect-2-september-2020,UK: ICO's Age Appropriate Design Code to come into effect 2 September 2020," The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') announced, on 12 August 2020 that the Age Appropriate Design Code ('the Code') has completed the parliamentary process and has been issued. In addition, the ICO noted that the Code will come into force on 2 September 2020 and online services will be granted a transition period of 12 months to conform to the same. This is the result of a process which commenced on 12 April 2019 with the launch of the consultation on the draft Code.  In particular, the Code contains 15 standards of age appropriate design for online services, including the best interests of the child, Data Protection Impact Assessments ('DPIAs'), age appropriate application, transparency, connected toys and devices, and profiling. In addition, the ICO published resources ('the Resources') to help relevant online services and stakeholders comply with the Code, including a DPIA template. Moreover, the Department of Digital, Culture, Media & Sport ('DCMS') has published an explanatory memorandum ('the Memorandum') to the Code.  You can read the press releaase here, the Code here, the Resources here, the Memorandum here, and download the DPIA template here.","['Children', 'Compliance', 'Cybersecurity', 'Data Protection Impact Assessment', 'Internet', 'Legal Reform', 'Supervisory Authority', 'Transparency']"
2,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/italy-garante-launches-investigation-inps-processing-beneficiaries-data-coronavirus-bonus,Italy: Garante launches investigation into INPS' processing of beneficiaries' data for Coronavirus bonus payments," The Italian data protection authority ('Garante') announced, on 12 August 2020, that it had launched an investigation into the National Institute for Social Security ('INPS') regarding the methodology it followed for the processing of beneficiaries' data and the news disseminated for COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') bonus payments. Furthermore, Garante highlighted that it had sent a letter to the INPS asking questions regarding the legal basis of the processing carried out on the personal data of the interested parties. In particular, Garante clarified that the questions covered, among other things, the origin and types of personal data processed, the methods by which the processing was carried out, the comparison of personal data of the applicants or beneficiaries of the bonus, the scope of the processing, and any communications to third parties of such data. ","['Data Processing', 'Enforcement', 'Investigations']"
3,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/estonia-dpi-opens-investigation-imperal-varad-o%C3%BC-regarding-leak-27000-customers-information,"Estonia: DPI opens investigation into Imperal Varad OÜ regarding leak of 27,000 customers' information"," The Data Protection Inspectorate announced, on 6 August 2020, that it had opened, on 5 August 2020, an investigation into Imperal Varad OÜ regarding a data breach on their website which led to the leak of 27,000 customers' email addresses and passwords in May 2019. In particular, the DPI outlined that Imperal Varad notified it of the data leak on 28 June 2020, following discovery of the same through CERT.EE. Furthermore, the DPI highlighted that, as it received only a memorandum from Imperal Varad, it is investigating the extent of the invasion of privacy resulting from the breach. Specifically, the DPI outlined that, if the incident resulted in a threat or potential threat to the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals, Imperal Varad should have submitted a report summarising the circumstances and extent of the incident no later than 72 hours after its discovery. ","['Breach Notification', 'Customer Data', 'Cybersecurity', 'Data Breach', 'Investigations', 'Supervisory Authority']"
4,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/turkey-kvkk-highlights-importance-completing-data-controller-introduction-form,Turkey: KVKK highlights importance of completing data controller introduction form," The Personal Data Protection Authority ('KVKK') issued, on 12 August 2020, a statement on the importance of completing the data controller introduction form. In particular, the KVKK highlighted that as per Article 15(3) of the Law on Protection of Personal Data No. 6698, data controllers are obliged to communicate within 15 days the information and documents related to the subject of examination which the Board of the KVKK has requested, and will enable, where necessary, on-the-spot examination. In addition, the KVKK outlined that data controllers are required to fill in the data controller introduction form, but that, some data controllers have not completed the form or have not correctly completed the document. ","['Accountability', 'Data Controller', 'Supervisory Authority']"
5,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/israel-ppa-invites-proposals-private-sector-privacy-protection-forum,Israel: PPA invites proposals for private sector privacy protection forum," The Privacy Protection Authority ('PPA') announced, on 9 August 2020, that it is interested in establishing a forum for discussing privacy issues in the private sector. In particular, the PPA outlined that it intends to hold a first meeting for lawyers from the private sector working in the field of personal information protection and information security in September.  Proposals for ideas and topics to be discussed in the forum should be sent to [email protected] by 16 August 2020. ",['Supervisory Authority']
6,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/bosnia-herzegovina-azlp-opinion-highlights-measuring-body-temperature-without-identifying,Bosnia & Herzegovina: AZLP opinion highlights that measuring body temperature without identifying individuals is permissible," The Agency for Personal Data Protection in Bosnia and Herzegovina ('AZLP') published, on 10 August 2020, an opinion ('the Opinion') on the measurement of body temperature of workers, clients and minors when entering certain premises such as workplaces, restaurants and schools. In particular, the AZLP delivered the Opinion further to a request as to whether, among other things, employers are entitled to subject their employees to temperature checks, rather than refer them for medical examination, and whether the consent of workers constitutes a valid legal basis for the processing of their body temperature. More specifically, the AZLP noted that measuring the body temperature of a person entering specific premises without the identification of the person does not constitute processing of personal data and, thus, does not fall under the scope of the Law on the Protection of Personal Data No. 49/06 ('the PDPL'). In addition, the AZLP highlighted that the measurement of temperature is a preventive measure with the legitimate aim of preventing the spread of COVID-19 ('Coronavirus'), as well as that the implementation of this measure should be communicated prior to measuring the temperature of individuals. ","['Children', 'Employment', 'Health | Pharmaceutical']"
7,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-nist-publishes-special-publication-cybersecurity-and-zero-trust-architecture-enterprise,USA: NIST publishes special publication on cybersecurity and zero trust architecture for enterprise security infrastructure," The Computer Security Resource Center ('CSRC') of the National Institute of Standards and Technology ('NIST') published, on 11 August 2020, Special Publication 800-207 on Zero Trust Architecture ('SP 800-207'), following its draft and call for comments on the same. In particular, SP 800-207 notes that 'zero trust' is the term for an evolving set of cybersecurity paradigms that move defences from static, network-based perimeters to focus on users, assets, and resources, and which is a response to enterprise network trends that include remote users, bring your own device ('BYOD'), and cloud-based assets not located within an enterprise-owned network boundary, focusing on protecting resources rather than network segments. As such, SP 800-207 outlines, among other things, an abstract definition of zero trust architecture, and gives general deployment models and use cases where zero trust could improve an enterprise's overall information technology security posture. ","['Access', 'BYOD', 'Cloud Computing', 'Cybersecurity']"
8,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-bhn-notifies-ocr-health-data-breach-following-virus-affecting-their-internal-systems,USA: BHN notifies OCR of health data breach following virus affecting their internal systems," Behavioral Health Network, Inc. ('BHN') notified, on 27 July 2020, the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services' Office for Civil Rights ('OCR') of a data breach affecting 129,571 of its patients, which the OCR is now investigating. In particular, BHN highlighted that the breach resulted from a virus which occured on 28 May 2020, which led to prohibited access to BHN's files. In particular, BHN noted that through its investigation, BHN determined that an unauthorised actor had placed malware within the BHN environment that disrupted the operation of certain BHN systems. Moreover, BHN outlined that, around 17 July 2020, the investigation further determined that the unauthorised actor had gained access to certain BHN systems between 26 and 28 May 2020. Furthermore, BHN highlighted that the types of information which were present in the affected systems included, names, addressess, date of births, social security numbers, medical/diagnosis/treatment information, and/or health insurance claim information. ","['Breach Notification', 'Cybercrime', 'Cybersecurity', 'Data Breach']"
9,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/republic-north-macedonia-dzlp-launches-investigation-legality-processing-ministries-following,Republic of North Macedonia: DZLP launches investigation into legality of processing by ministries following failure to notify hacker attack," The Directorate for Personal Data Protection ('DZLP') announced, on 12 August 2020, that it had launched an investigation into the legality of the activities undertaken in the processing of personal data by the Ministry of Education and Science and the Ministry of Health ('the Ministries') following a hacker attack on their websites on 23 July 2020. In particular, the DZLP highlighted that, due to the fact that the Ministries had failed to notify it in accordance with Article 37(1) of the Law on Personal Data Protection 2020 ('the Law') of the data breach, the DZLP will ex officio investigate whether the data processing of the Ministries complies with the provisions of the Law. ","['Cybercrime', 'Data Processing', 'Enforcement', 'Investigations']"
10,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/russia-central-bank-releases-survey-assess-information-security,Russia: Central Bank releases survey to assess information security," The Central Bank of the Russian Federation ('the Central Bank') released, on 11 August 2020, a survey for bank clients, citizens, and company representative to assess the level on information security of services ('the Survey'). In particular, the Central Bank highlighted that the survey will help understand the security of personal data and what effective actions can be undertaken. In addition, the Central Bank noted that the result of the Survey will be analysed and taken into account in the Central Bank's supervisory work and planning regulatory measures, to prevent information security risks. ","['Cybersecurity', 'Data Security', 'Financial Data', 'Financial Services']"
11,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/uk-ico-fines-koypo-%C2%A3100000-sending-unsolicited-emarketing-communications,"UK: ICO fines Koypo £100,000 for sending unsolicited emarketing communications"," The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') announced, on 12 August 2020, that it had issued an enforcement notice ('the Enforcement Notice') and a monetary penalty notice ('the Penalty Notice') to Koypo Laboratories Limited for instigating the transmission of 21,166,574 unsolicited email communications to subscribers for the purposes of direct marketing between 1 March 2017 and 31 March 2018 without their consent. In particular, the Penalty Notice states that the penalty is in relation to a serious contravention of Regulation 22 of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 ('PECR'). In addition, the Penalty Notice states that the penalty will be reduced to £80,000 if the ICO receives full payment of the penalty by 3 September 2020.  Furthermore, the Enforcement Notice states that the ICO requires that Koypo must, within 30 days of the Enforcement Notice, neither transmit, nor instigate the transmission of, unsolicited communications for the purposes of direct marketing by means of email unless the recipient of the email has previously notified Koypo that he or she clearly and specially consents for the time being to such communications being sent by, or at the instigation of, Koypo. ","['Consent', 'Direct Marketing', 'Electronic Communications', 'Email', 'Email Marketing', 'Enforcement', 'Penalties']"
