,url,title,text,topics
0,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/bosnia-herzegovina-azlp-issues-opinion-transferring-data-holders-car-leases-third-party,Bosnia & Herzegovina: AZLP issues opinion on transferring data of holders of car leases to a third party," The Agency for Personal Data Protection in Bosnia and Herzegovina ('AZLP') published, on 10 August 2020, an opinion ('the Opinion') issued, on 29 June 2020, regarding Euro Parking Collection plc's transferring of data belonging to car lease holders, with unpaid parking tickets, to a third-party leasing company. In particular, the AZLP noted that in cases where the data subject has not given its consent to the processing, data may be processed on the basis of the legitimate interests of the controller or a third party, and that the transfer of data to a third party can, further to Article 17 of the Law on the Protection of Personal Data No. 49/06 ('the PDPL'), occur on the basis of a written request by a third party if such transfer is necessary for the statutory duties or the legitimate interests of the third party.  More specifically, the AZLP highlighted that if Euro Parking proves the existence of a legitimate interest for providing this data to the third party leasing company, there exists a legal basis for transferring the data which will allow the third party to determine the identity of the person who had not paid the parking ticket. ","['Data Transfer', 'Legitimate Interests', 'Supervisory Authority', 'Third Parties']"
1,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/uk-icos-age-appropriate-design-code-come-effect-2-september-2020,UK: ICO's Age Appropriate Design Code to come into effect 2 September 2020," The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') announced, on 12 August 2020 that the Age Appropriate Design Code ('the Code') has completed the parliamentary process and has been issued. In addition, the ICO noted that the Code will come into force on 2 September 2020 and online services will be granted a transition period of 12 months to conform to the same. This is the result of a process which commenced on 12 April 2019 with the launch of the consultation on the draft Code.  In particular, the Code contains 15 standards of age appropriate design for online services, including the best interests of the child, Data Protection Impact Assessments ('DPIAs'), age appropriate application, transparency, connected toys and devices, and profiling. In addition, the ICO published resources ('the Resources') to help relevant online services and stakeholders comply with the Code, including a DPIA template. Moreover, the Department of Digital, Culture, Media & Sport ('DCMS') has published an explanatory memorandum ('the Memorandum') to the Code.  You can read the press releaase here, the Code here, the Resources here, the Memorandum here, and download the DPIA template here.","['Children', 'Compliance', 'Cybersecurity', 'Data Protection Impact Assessment', 'Internet', 'Legal Reform', 'Supervisory Authority', 'Transparency']"
2,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/italy-garante-launches-investigation-inps-processing-beneficiaries-data-coronavirus-bonus,Italy: Garante launches investigation into INPS' processing of beneficiaries' data for Coronavirus bonus payments," The Italian data protection authority ('Garante') announced, on 12 August 2020, that it had launched an investigation into the National Institute for Social Security ('INPS') regarding the methodology it followed for the processing of beneficiaries' data and the news disseminated for COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') bonus payments. Furthermore, Garante highlighted that it had sent a letter to the INPS asking questions regarding the legal basis of the processing carried out on the personal data of the interested parties. In particular, Garante clarified that the questions covered, among other things, the origin and types of personal data processed, the methods by which the processing was carried out, the comparison of personal data of the applicants or beneficiaries of the bonus, the scope of the processing, and any communications to third parties of such data. ","['Data Processing', 'Enforcement', 'Investigations']"
3,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/estonia-dpi-opens-investigation-imperal-varad-o%C3%BC-regarding-leak-27000-customers-information,"Estonia: DPI opens investigation into Imperal Varad OÜ regarding leak of 27,000 customers' information"," The Data Protection Inspectorate announced, on 6 August 2020, that it had opened, on 5 August 2020, an investigation into Imperal Varad OÜ regarding a data breach on their website which led to the leak of 27,000 customers' email addresses and passwords in May 2019. In particular, the DPI outlined that Imperal Varad notified it of the data leak on 28 June 2020, following discovery of the same through CERT.EE. Furthermore, the DPI highlighted that, as it received only a memorandum from Imperal Varad, it is investigating the extent of the invasion of privacy resulting from the breach. Specifically, the DPI outlined that, if the incident resulted in a threat or potential threat to the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals, Imperal Varad should have submitted a report summarising the circumstances and extent of the incident no later than 72 hours after its discovery. ","['Breach Notification', 'Customer Data', 'Cybersecurity', 'Data Breach', 'Investigations', 'Supervisory Authority']"
4,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/turkey-kvkk-highlights-importance-completing-data-controller-introduction-form,Turkey: KVKK highlights importance of completing data controller introduction form," The Personal Data Protection Authority ('KVKK') issued, on 12 August 2020, a statement on the importance of completing the data controller introduction form. In particular, the KVKK highlighted that as per Article 15(3) of the Law on Protection of Personal Data No. 6698, data controllers are obliged to communicate within 15 days the information and documents related to the subject of examination which the Board of the KVKK has requested, and will enable, where necessary, on-the-spot examination. In addition, the KVKK outlined that data controllers are required to fill in the data controller introduction form, but that, some data controllers have not completed the form or have not correctly completed the document. ","['Accountability', 'Data Controller', 'Supervisory Authority']"
5,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/israel-ppa-invites-proposals-private-sector-privacy-protection-forum,Israel: PPA invites proposals for private sector privacy protection forum," The Privacy Protection Authority ('PPA') announced, on 9 August 2020, that it is interested in establishing a forum for discussing privacy issues in the private sector. In particular, the PPA outlined that it intends to hold a first meeting for lawyers from the private sector working in the field of personal information protection and information security in September.  Proposals for ideas and topics to be discussed in the forum should be sent to [email protected] by 16 August 2020. ",['Supervisory Authority']
