,url,title,text,topics
0,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/bosnia-herzegovina-azlp-issues-opinion-transferring-data-holders-car-leases-third-party,Bosnia & Herzegovina: AZLP issues opinion on transferring data of holders of car leases to a third party," The Agency for Personal Data Protection in Bosnia and Herzegovina ('AZLP') published, on 10 August 2020, an opinion ('the Opinion') issued, on 29 June 2020, regarding Euro Parking Collection plc's transferring of data belonging to car lease holders, with unpaid parking tickets, to a third-party leasing company. In particular, the AZLP noted that in cases where the data subject has not given its consent to the processing, data may be processed on the basis of the legitimate interests of the controller or a third party, and that the transfer of data to a third party can, further to Article 17 of the Law on the Protection of Personal Data No. 49/06 ('the PDPL'), occur on the basis of a written request by a third party if such transfer is necessary for the statutory duties or the legitimate interests of the third party.  More specifically, the AZLP highlighted that if Euro Parking proves the existence of a legitimate interest for providing this data to the third party leasing company, there exists a legal basis for transferring the data which will allow the third party to determine the identity of the person who had not paid the parking ticket. ","['Data Transfer', 'Legitimate Interests', 'Supervisory Authority', 'Third Parties']"
1,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/uk-icos-age-appropriate-design-code-come-effect-2-september-2020,UK: ICO's Age Appropriate Design Code to come into effect 2 September 2020," The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') announced, on 12 August 2020 that the Age Appropriate Design Code ('the Code') has completed the parliamentary process and has been issued. In addition, the ICO noted that the Code will come into force on 2 September 2020 and online services will be granted a transition period of 12 months to conform to the same. This is the result of a process which commenced on 12 April 2019 with the launch of the consultation on the draft Code.  In particular, the Code contains 15 standards of age appropriate design for online services, including the best interests of the child, Data Protection Impact Assessments ('DPIAs'), age appropriate application, transparency, connected toys and devices, and profiling. In addition, the ICO published resources ('the Resources') to help relevant online services and stakeholders comply with the Code, including a DPIA template. Moreover, the Department of Digital, Culture, Media & Sport ('DCMS') has published an explanatory memorandum ('the Memorandum') to the Code.  You can read the press releaase here, the Code here, the Resources here, the Memorandum here, and download the DPIA template here.","['Children', 'Compliance', 'Cybersecurity', 'Data Protection Impact Assessment', 'Internet', 'Legal Reform', 'Supervisory Authority', 'Transparency']"
2,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/italy-garante-launches-investigation-inps-processing-beneficiaries-data-coronavirus-bonus,Italy: Garante launches investigation into INPS' processing of beneficiaries' data for Coronavirus bonus payments," The Italian data protection authority ('Garante') announced, on 12 August 2020, that it had launched an investigation into the National Institute for Social Security ('INPS') regarding the methodology it followed for the processing of beneficiaries' data and the news disseminated for COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') bonus payments. Furthermore, Garante highlighted that it had sent a letter to the INPS asking questions regarding the legal basis of the processing carried out on the personal data of the interested parties. In particular, Garante clarified that the questions covered, among other things, the origin and types of personal data processed, the methods by which the processing was carried out, the comparison of personal data of the applicants or beneficiaries of the bonus, the scope of the processing, and any communications to third parties of such data. ","['Data Processing', 'Enforcement', 'Investigations']"
3,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/estonia-dpi-opens-investigation-imperal-varad-o%C3%BC-regarding-leak-27000-customers-information,"Estonia: DPI opens investigation into Imperal Varad OÜ regarding leak of 27,000 customers' information"," The Data Protection Inspectorate announced, on 6 August 2020, that it had opened, on 5 August 2020, an investigation into Imperal Varad OÜ regarding a data breach on their website which led to the leak of 27,000 customers' email addresses and passwords in May 2019. In particular, the DPI outlined that Imperal Varad notified it of the data leak on 28 June 2020, following discovery of the same through CERT.EE. Furthermore, the DPI highlighted that, as it received only a memorandum from Imperal Varad, it is investigating the extent of the invasion of privacy resulting from the breach. Specifically, the DPI outlined that, if the incident resulted in a threat or potential threat to the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals, Imperal Varad should have submitted a report summarising the circumstances and extent of the incident no later than 72 hours after its discovery. ","['Breach Notification', 'Customer Data', 'Cybersecurity', 'Data Breach', 'Investigations', 'Supervisory Authority']"
4,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/turkey-kvkk-highlights-importance-completing-data-controller-introduction-form,Turkey: KVKK highlights importance of completing data controller introduction form," The Personal Data Protection Authority ('KVKK') issued, on 12 August 2020, a statement on the importance of completing the data controller introduction form. In particular, the KVKK highlighted that as per Article 15(3) of the Law on Protection of Personal Data No. 6698, data controllers are obliged to communicate within 15 days the information and documents related to the subject of examination which the Board of the KVKK has requested, and will enable, where necessary, on-the-spot examination. In addition, the KVKK outlined that data controllers are required to fill in the data controller introduction form, but that, some data controllers have not completed the form or have not correctly completed the document. ","['Accountability', 'Data Controller', 'Supervisory Authority']"
5,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/israel-ppa-invites-proposals-private-sector-privacy-protection-forum,Israel: PPA invites proposals for private sector privacy protection forum," The Privacy Protection Authority ('PPA') announced, on 9 August 2020, that it is interested in establishing a forum for discussing privacy issues in the private sector. In particular, the PPA outlined that it intends to hold a first meeting for lawyers from the private sector working in the field of personal information protection and information security in September.  Proposals for ideas and topics to be discussed in the forum should be sent to [email protected] by 16 August 2020. ",['Supervisory Authority']
6,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/bosnia-herzegovina-azlp-opinion-highlights-measuring-body-temperature-without-identifying,Bosnia & Herzegovina: AZLP opinion highlights that measuring body temperature without identifying individuals is permissible," The Agency for Personal Data Protection in Bosnia and Herzegovina ('AZLP') published, on 10 August 2020, an opinion ('the Opinion') on the measurement of body temperature of workers, clients and minors when entering certain premises such as workplaces, restaurants and schools. In particular, the AZLP delivered the Opinion further to a request as to whether, among other things, employers are entitled to subject their employees to temperature checks, rather than refer them for medical examination, and whether the consent of workers constitutes a valid legal basis for the processing of their body temperature. More specifically, the AZLP noted that measuring the body temperature of a person entering specific premises without the identification of the person does not constitute processing of personal data and, thus, does not fall under the scope of the Law on the Protection of Personal Data No. 49/06 ('the PDPL'). In addition, the AZLP highlighted that the measurement of temperature is a preventive measure with the legitimate aim of preventing the spread of COVID-19 ('Coronavirus'), as well as that the implementation of this measure should be communicated prior to measuring the temperature of individuals. ","['Children', 'Employment', 'Health | Pharmaceutical']"
7,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-nist-publishes-special-publication-cybersecurity-and-zero-trust-architecture-enterprise,USA: NIST publishes special publication on cybersecurity and zero trust architecture for enterprise security infrastructure," The Computer Security Resource Center ('CSRC') of the National Institute of Standards and Technology ('NIST') published, on 11 August 2020, Special Publication 800-207 on Zero Trust Architecture ('SP 800-207'), following its draft and call for comments on the same. In particular, SP 800-207 notes that 'zero trust' is the term for an evolving set of cybersecurity paradigms that move defences from static, network-based perimeters to focus on users, assets, and resources, and which is a response to enterprise network trends that include remote users, bring your own device ('BYOD'), and cloud-based assets not located within an enterprise-owned network boundary, focusing on protecting resources rather than network segments. As such, SP 800-207 outlines, among other things, an abstract definition of zero trust architecture, and gives general deployment models and use cases where zero trust could improve an enterprise's overall information technology security posture. ","['Access', 'BYOD', 'Cloud Computing', 'Cybersecurity']"
8,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-bhn-notifies-ocr-health-data-breach-following-virus-affecting-their-internal-systems,USA: BHN notifies OCR of health data breach following virus affecting their internal systems," Behavioral Health Network, Inc. ('BHN') notified, on 27 July 2020, the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services' Office for Civil Rights ('OCR') of a data breach affecting 129,571 of its patients, which the OCR is now investigating. In particular, BHN highlighted that the breach resulted from a virus which occured on 28 May 2020, which led to prohibited access to BHN's files. In particular, BHN noted that through its investigation, BHN determined that an unauthorised actor had placed malware within the BHN environment that disrupted the operation of certain BHN systems. Moreover, BHN outlined that, around 17 July 2020, the investigation further determined that the unauthorised actor had gained access to certain BHN systems between 26 and 28 May 2020. Furthermore, BHN highlighted that the types of information which were present in the affected systems included, names, addressess, date of births, social security numbers, medical/diagnosis/treatment information, and/or health insurance claim information. ","['Breach Notification', 'Cybercrime', 'Cybersecurity', 'Data Breach']"
9,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/republic-north-macedonia-dzlp-launches-investigation-legality-processing-ministries-following,Republic of North Macedonia: DZLP launches investigation into legality of processing by ministries following failure to notify hacker attack," The Directorate for Personal Data Protection ('DZLP') announced, on 12 August 2020, that it had launched an investigation into the legality of the activities undertaken in the processing of personal data by the Ministry of Education and Science and the Ministry of Health ('the Ministries') following a hacker attack on their websites on 23 July 2020. In particular, the DZLP highlighted that, due to the fact that the Ministries had failed to notify it in accordance with Article 37(1) of the Law on Personal Data Protection 2020 ('the Law') of the data breach, the DZLP will ex officio investigate whether the data processing of the Ministries complies with the provisions of the Law. ","['Cybercrime', 'Data Processing', 'Enforcement', 'Investigations']"
10,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/russia-central-bank-releases-survey-assess-information-security,Russia: Central Bank releases survey to assess information security," The Central Bank of the Russian Federation ('the Central Bank') released, on 11 August 2020, a survey for bank clients, citizens, and company representative to assess the level on information security of services ('the Survey'). In particular, the Central Bank highlighted that the survey will help understand the security of personal data and what effective actions can be undertaken. In addition, the Central Bank noted that the result of the Survey will be analysed and taken into account in the Central Bank's supervisory work and planning regulatory measures, to prevent information security risks. ","['Cybersecurity', 'Data Security', 'Financial Data', 'Financial Services']"
11,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/uk-ico-fines-koypo-%C2%A3100000-sending-unsolicited-emarketing-communications,"UK: ICO fines Koypo £100,000 for sending unsolicited emarketing communications"," The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') announced, on 12 August 2020, that it had issued an enforcement notice ('the Enforcement Notice') and a monetary penalty notice ('the Penalty Notice') to Koypo Laboratories Limited for instigating the transmission of 21,166,574 unsolicited email communications to subscribers for the purposes of direct marketing between 1 March 2017 and 31 March 2018 without their consent. In particular, the Penalty Notice states that the penalty is in relation to a serious contravention of Regulation 22 of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 ('PECR'). In addition, the Penalty Notice states that the penalty will be reduced to £80,000 if the ICO receives full payment of the penalty by 3 September 2020.  Furthermore, the Enforcement Notice states that the ICO requires that Koypo must, within 30 days of the Enforcement Notice, neither transmit, nor instigate the transmission of, unsolicited communications for the purposes of direct marketing by means of email unless the recipient of the email has previously notified Koypo that he or she clearly and specially consents for the time being to such communications being sent by, or at the instigation of, Koypo. ","['Consent', 'Direct Marketing', 'Electronic Communications', 'Email', 'Email Marketing', 'Enforcement', 'Penalties']"
12,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/france-cnil-investigates-tiktok-regarding-exercise-data-subject-rights-data-transfers-outside,"France: CNIL investigates TikTok regarding exercise of data subject rights, data transfers outside EU, protection of minors"," OneTrust DataGuidance confirmed, on 12 August 2020, with the French data protection authority ('CNIL') that it is investigating TikTok Inc. following a complaint regarding a request for the deletion of a video. In particular, a CNIL spokesperson said, ""To date, CNIL is continuing its investigations and is participating in the European work in progress [...] At this stage, the main points of attention noted by CNIL are also the issues of information for individuals, the way in which rights are exercised, flows outside the EU, and the measures taken with regard to minors, for whom the application is very popular.""  In addition, the spokesperson noted, ""After investigation, the complainant was invited to exercise their rights with TikTok under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), a step that they had not taken beforehand.""  Lastly, the spokesperson highlighted, ""The investigations could eventually fall under the sole responsibility of the Irish [Data Protection Commission ('DPC')], which will have to deal with the case in cooperation with the other European data protection authorities. In order to fall under the sole competence of the [DPC] and not under the competence of each of the authorities, TikTok will nevertheless have to prove that its establishment in Ireland meets the conditions of a 'principal place of business' within the meaning of the GDPR.""","['Children', 'Data Subject Rights', 'Data Transfer', 'GDPR', 'Investigations']"
13,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/colombia-sic-orders-municipality-bogota-heighten-data-security-measures-light-coronavirus,Colombia: SIC orders Municipality of Bogota to heighten data security measures in light of Coronavirus processing," The Colombian data protection authority ('SIC') issued, on 5 August 2020, a resolution ('the Resolution') ordering the Municipality of Bogota to provide sufficient security and data protection measures with respect to the Gabo contact-tracing app and platforms facilitating assistance for individuals in light of the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic. In particular, the Resolution obligates the Municipality of Bogota to, among other things, implement appropriate and effective security measures to prevent unauthorised access or downloading of personal data collected and processed by contact-tracing platforms, and to restrict the circulation and maintain the confidentiality of sensitive data in a way that also ensures responsibility. ","['Apps', 'Compliance', 'Data Collection', 'Data Security', 'Health | Pharmaceutical', 'Sensitive Personal Data']"
14,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/brandenburg-brandenburg-lda-finds-excessive-data-collection-practices-contact-tracing,Brandenburg: Brandenburg LDA finds excessive data collection practices for contact tracing in gastronomy sector," The State Commissioner for Data Protection and Access to Information Brandenburg ('Brandenburg LDA') published, on 11 August 2020, a study on how the gastronomy sector in Brandenburg deals with the data of their guests which they are obliged to collect during the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic. In particular, Brandenburg LDA stated that it investigated 54 restaurants and noticed that an excessive amount of data categories were recorded in 30 restaurant establishments. In addition, Brandenburg LDA noticed that the address of visitors, which is no longer required according to the current legislation, was often asked, and that many restaurants did not recognise that only one of the telephone number and email address of visitors should be given.  Moreover, Brandenburg LDA found that 36 cafes and restaurants did not adhere to the deletion deadlines, that 16 of them had not deleted any data, and that the confidential handling of guest data was not always guaranteed. Furthermore, Brandenburg LDA stated that during their discussions, it had the impression that there was often uncertainty as to how the data should be handled.  Finally, Brandenburg LDA highlighted that under the current legisltation, restaurants must, among other things, record the contact details of their guests in an attendance list but that the first and last name and the telephone number or email address of the person concerned are sufficient. In addition, Brandenburg LDA highlighted that the data must be kept confidential and deleted after four weeks. ","['Compliance', 'Confidentiality', 'Data Processing', 'Data Retention', 'Health | Pharmaceutical', 'Supervisory Authority']"
15,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/australia-government-launches-public-consultation-protecting-critical-infrastructure-and,Australia: Government launches public consultation on protecting critical infrastructure and systems of national significance," The Australian Government launched, on 12 August 2020, a public consultation on its protecting critical infrastructure and systems of national significance consultation paper ('the Paper'). In particular, the Paper highlights a number of reforms, which aim to enhance the security and resilience of Australia's critical infrastructure through amendments to the Security of Critical Infrastructure Act 2018. Furthermore, the Paper outlines the features of the proposed enhanced framework, which include a positive security obligation, enhanced cybersecurity obligations, and government assistance for entities that are the target or victim of a cyberattack. In addition, the Report notes that these initiatives will be underpinned by an enhanced Government-industry partnership, which will focus on, among other things, developing best practice guidance with critical infrastructure entities, state, territory and Australian Government partners and regulators, as well as international partners.  Comments can be submitted via the online submission form by 16 September 2020. ","['Critical Infrastructure', 'Cybercrime', 'Cybersecurity', 'Data Security', 'Public Sector']"
16,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/germany-federal-authorities-publish-draft-catalogue-telecommunications-network-security,Germany: Federal authorities publish draft catalogue of telecommunications network security requirements," The Office for Information Security ('BSI') announced, on 11 August 2020, that the Federal Network Agency ('BNetzA') had published a draft catalogue of security requirements for the operation of telecommunications and data processing systems ('the Draft Catalogue'), drafted in collaboration with the BSI and the Federal Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information ('BfDI'). In particular, the BSI stated that the Draft Catalogue contains requirements on how to build up modern, strong and secure 5G networks and how to operate them. Moreover, the BSI announced that the Draft Catalogue was submitted to the European Commission ('the Commission') and will, subject to its certification, also be published in English.  Furthermore, the BNetzA called for comments on its draft list of critical functions of telecommunications networks ('the Draft List'). Critical functions already included in the Draft List include, among other things, participation management, network services, information flow management, and lawful interception.  Comments on the Draft List can be submitted until 30 September 2020 by post or to [email protected]e ","['Critical Infrastructure', 'Cybersecurity', 'Data Security', 'Telecommunications']"
17,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/romania-cert-ro-issues-recommendations-working-home,Romania: CERT-RO issues recommendations on working from home," The Romanian National Computer Security Incident Response Team ('CERT-RO') issued, on 11 August 2020, recommendations ('the Recommendations') on remote working for organisations in light of the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic. In particular, the Recommendations highlight that organisations will need to identify critical processes and take steps to manageand outline the risks related to remote working, including overload caused by an increase in users, or attacks on network access points. In additions, CERT-RO recommends, among other things, identifying critical procedures in the organisation and determining the extent to which such critical procedures depend upon remote work systems. ","['Cybersecurity', 'Employment', 'Health | Pharmaceutical', 'Risk Management']"
18,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/texas-ag-files-lawsuit-against-clinica-hispana-failing-secure-sensitive-personal-information,Texas: AG files lawsuit against Clinica Hispana for failing to secure sensitive personal information," Texas Attorney General ('AG'), Ken Paxton, announced in a petition ('the Petition'), on 10 August 2020, that his office had filed a lawsuit against Clinica Hispana La Porte (as well as Luis Alberto Cuan, who runs the clinic, individually) for its failure to secure its patients sensitive personal information by disposing of COVID-19 antibody test results using an unsecured dumpster behind the clinic. In particular, the Petition states that the AG is bringing the lawsuit upon the grounds that Clinic Hispanica failed to implement and maintain reasonable procedures, including failing to take any appropriate corrective action to prevent the unlawful use or disclosure of sensitive personal information collected or maintained by the business in the regular course of business. Furthermore, the Petition notes that Clinica Hispana filed to destroy or arrange for the destruction of customer records containing sensitive personal information within its custody or control in violation of Section 521.052(a) and (b) of the Texas Identify Theft Enforcement and Protection Act under Chapter 521 of the Texas Business and Consumer Code ('ITEPA'). Finally, the Petition outlines steps that the AG is mandating Clinica Hispana to take in order to secure the disposal of sensitive information and is asking the District Court of Harris County, Judicial District to award civil penalties in the amount of at least $2,000 but not exceeding $50,000 per violation of the ITEPA. ","['Data Security', 'Health | Pharmaceutical', 'Investigations', 'Litigation', 'Medical Data', 'Sensitive Personal Data']"
19,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/uk-cdei-publishes-local-government-edition-coronavirus-repository-highlights-potential-privacy,"UK: CDEI publishes local government edition of Coronavirus repository, highlights potential privacy implications resulting from data sharing"," The Centre for Data Ethics and Innovation ('CDEI') published, on 5 August 2020, the local government edition of its repository ('the Repository') on novel use-cases of artificial intelligence ('AI') and data to counter and mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic. In particular, key findings of the Repository include the fact that local authorities have drawn heavily on data-driven technology to support the education sector and that the majority of the use-cases arise in the healthcare and digital sectors. In addition, the Repository indicates that there has been an increase of data sharing between organisations, both public and private, and highlights that this could present implications for the privacy of data subjects, which local authorities will need to carefully consider. ","['Artificial Intelligence', 'Data Governance', 'Data Sharing', 'Education', 'Health | Pharmaceutical', 'Public Sector']"
20,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/new-zealand-opcnz-releases-report-inquiry-trade-mes-privacy-policy,New Zealand: OPCNZ releases report on inquiry into Trade Me's privacy policy," The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of New Zealand ('OPCNZ') released, on 12 August 2020, a report on its inquiry into Trade Me Ltd.'s privacy policy ('the Report'). In particular, the Report highlights that Trade Me had failed to take all reasonable steps to ensure that its members were aware of the purposes for which their information was being collected and how their preference to opt-out of targeted marketing would be given effect. Furthermore, Report outlines that many users believed that the option to opt-out acted as a limitation on the ability of Trade Me to target its own advertisements to members. However, the Report notes that while Trade Me's operational practice was inconsistent with what it maintains was the intent and scope of its policy, its practice was consistent with how many members expected the opt-out to work, and that the 2018 opt-out and privacy policy update brought Trade Me's policy in line with its operational practice.  In addition, the Report includes a number of recommendations for businesses that want to make changes to their terms and conditions or privacy policies, such as considering the substance and clarity of what users have been told about how their information will be used and whether the new use is consistent or directly related to that which the individual has been informed of. ","['Data Collection', 'Data Sharing', 'Direct Marketing', 'Investigations', 'Opt-in/out', 'Privacy Policy', 'Supervisory Authority']"
21,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/serbia-poverenik-issues-statement-schrems-ii-case,Serbia: Poverenik issues statement on Schrems II case," The Commissioner for Information of Public Importance and Personal Data Protection ('Poverenik') issued, on 11 August 2020, a statement on the Court Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the Poverenik highlighted that controllers and processors who have transferred personal data on the basis of the EU-US Privacy Shield framework ('Privacy Shield') need to find other mechanisms for data transfer to the United States proscribed by the Law on Protection of Personal Data 2018 ('the Law'). Furthermore, the Poverenik highlighted that the Law still refers to the United States being an adequate third country when data is transferred using the Privacy Shield and that it has sent a letter to the Government of Serbia to harmonise the Law with the Schrems II case and European practice. ","['Adequacy', 'Data Transfer', 'Harmonisation', 'Legal Reform', 'Privacy Shield', 'Third Countries']"
22,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/china-tc260-initiates-public-consultations-standards-cii,China: TC260 initiates public consultations for standards on CII," The National Information Security Standardisation Technical Committee of China ('TC260') initiated, on 10 August 2020, two public consultations on new standards for critical information infrastructures ('CII'). In particular, the TC260 published draft standards on the evaluation method for security protection capability of CII ('the Standard on Evaluating Security Protection') and on the methods for identifying the scope of CII ('the Standard on Methods for Identifying CII Scope').  The consultation on the draft standards is open until 9 October 2020 and comments can be submitted here.  You can read the press release for the Standard on Evaluating Security Protection here and download it here, and read the press release for the Standard on Methods for Identifying CII Scope here and download it here, all only available in Chinese.","['Critical Infrastructure', 'Cybersecurity']"
23,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/philippines-npc-reiterates-compatibility-data-privacy-act-contact-tracing-initiatives,Philippines: NPC reiterates compatibility of Data Privacy Act with contact tracing initiatives," The National Privacy Commission ('NPC') issued, on 12 August 2020, a statement reiterating that the Data Privacy Act of 2012 (Republic Act No. 10173) ('the Data Privacy Act') is not a hinderance to contact tracing initiatives, highlighting that the Data Privacy Act seeks to protect individuals from discrimination, harassment, and acts of social vigilantism amid the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic. In particular, the NPC clarified that the Data Privacy Act does not prevent hospitals from sharing a patient's data to proper authorities. In addition, the NPC noted that hospitals are mandated to collect information from patients and provide it to the authorities under the guidelines set by the Department of Health. Moreover, the NPC stated that it has provided public health emergency bulletings and advisory opinions as guidance for personal information controllers, especially healthcare providers. ","['Data Collection', 'Data Sharing', 'Health | Pharmaceutical', 'Medical Data']"
24,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-gao-report-commercial-use-facial-recognition-technology-highlights-privacy-concerns,USA: GAO report on commercial use of facial recognition technology highlights privacy concerns," The Government Accountability Office ('GAO') released, on 11 August 2020, its report ('the Report') on privacy and accuracy issues related to the commercial use of facial recognition technology. In particular, the Report examines, among other things, how companies use facial recognition technology, the varying degrees of accuracy across demographic groups, and how privacy issues are addressed in laws and industry practices. Specifically, the Report finds, among other things, that although the accuracy of facial recognition technology has increased, differences in performance exist for certain demographic groups, and with respect to privacy, the main concerns are that individuals are unable to remain anonymous in public, technology is used without individuals' consent, and such technology may collect or store facial images which poses additional risks. As such, the Report reiterates recommendations made in previous reports, suggesting that the U.S. Congress should consider strengthening the consumer privacy framework to reflect changes in technology and the marketplace. ","['Accuracy', 'Biometric Data', 'Consent', 'Data Collection', 'Discrimination', 'Facial Recognition']"
25,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/portugal-law-no-522020-stayaway-app-published-government-gazette,Portugal: Law No. 52/2020 on STAYAWAY app published in Government Gazette," Law No. 52/2020 ('the Law') on the STAYAWAY COVID system ('STAYAWAY') was published, on 11 August 2020, in the Government Gazette following its approval by the Council of Ministers on 23 July 2020. In particular, Article 1 of the Law outlines that the Law establishes the data controller and regulates the physician's intervention in the STAYAWAY COVID system. In addition, Article 2 of the Law outlines that STAYAWAY must respect the European and national legislation applicable to the protection of personal data, namely the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') and Law No. 58/2019 and other applicable legislation.  Moreover, the Law outlines that the Directorate-General for Health ('DGS') is the entity responsible for processing data for STAYAWAY COVID, under the terms of its legal powers, for the purposes of European and national legislation applicable to the protection of personal data. ","['Accountability', 'Apps', 'Data Controller', 'Medical Data']"
26,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/brazil-dpo-national-supplementary-health-agency-appointed,Brazil: DPO for National Supplementary Health Agency appointed," Ordinance No. 283 of 10 August 2020 ('the Ordinance') was published, on 11 August 2020, in the Official Journal of the Union, appointing Luiz Gustavo Meira Homrich as the data protection officer ('DPO') of the National Supplementary Health Agency of the Ministry of Health. The Ordinance specifies that, in his capacity as DPO, Homrich will act as the designated point of contact between the data controller, the data subjects, and the Brazilian data protection authority ('ANPD'). ","['Data Protection Officer', 'Health | Pharmaceutical']"
27,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/greece-supreme-court-issues-judgment-obligation-inform-data-subjects-about-transfer-data-debt,Greece: Supreme Court issues judgment on obligation to inform data subjects about transfer of data to debt collection societies," The Greek Supreme Court issued, on 15 July 2020, a judgment on data controllers' obligation to inform data subjects about the processing of their data by banks and the subsequent transfer of their data to debt collection societies. In particular, the plaintiff had taken a loan from the Bank EFG Eurobank A.E. and, further to their delay in repaying the loan, Eurobank transferred the plaintiff's personal data, including the amount of their debt, their name and telephone number, to Eurobank Remedial Services without previously informing them about such transfer. More specifically, Eurobank argued that, by completing an application for a loan, the plaintiff had been informed and had given their clear consent to the processing of their personal data by Eurobank as well as to the disclosure of such data to companies collaborating with Eurobank. The Supreme Court noted that, while the plaintiff was previously informed about the transfer of its data to debt collection societies and Eurobank Remedial Services was not a debt collection society, by providing this information to the plaintiff through the loan application, Eurobank had satisfied the requirements of Article 11 on the right to be informed of Law No. 2472/1997, which was the pre- General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') law. Thus, the Supreme Court ruled in favour of Eurobank. ","['Credit', 'Data Subject', 'Data Subject Rights', 'Financial Services']"
28,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/uk-court-appeal-rules-automated-facial-recognition-use-south-wales-police-unlawful,UK: Court of Appeal rules automated facial recognition use by South Wales Police unlawful," The Court of Appeal (Civil Division) ('the Court of Appeal') issued, on 11 August 2020, its judgment in R (on the application of Edward Bridges) (Appellant) v The Chief Constable of South Wales Police (Respondent) & others [2020] EWCA Civ 1058, overturning the previous decision of the High Court of Justice. In particular, the Court of Appeal ruled that the High Court erred in concluding that South Wales Police's ('SWP') interference with Bridges' rights under Article 8(1) of the European Convention on Human Rights ('ECHR') was in accordance with the law under Article 8(2) of the ECHR. Specifically, the Court of Appeal held that although the legal framework comprised primary legislation (Data Protection Act 2018 ('the Act')), secondary legislation (the Surveillance Camera Code of Practice), and local policies promulgated by SWP, there was no clear guidance on where the specific type of the automated facial recognition technology could be used and who could be put on a watchlist.  As a result, the Court of Appeal held that this was too broad a discretion to afford to the police officers to meet the standard required by Article 8(2) of the ECHR. In addition, the Court of Appeal held that the SWP failed to provide an adequate Data Protection Impact Assessment ('DPIA'), as required under Section 64 of the Act, and found that as the DPIA was written on the basis that Article 8 was not infringed, the DPIA was deficient.   UPDATE (11 August 2020)  ICO welcomes Court of Appeal's judgment  The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') issued, on 11 August 2020, a statement, welcoming the Court of Appeal's judgment which provides clarification on the police use of live facial recognition technology in public places. In particular, the ICO stated that the judgment is a useful step towards providing a clear legal framework relating to how the police use surveillance technology. ","['Data Protection Impact Assessment', 'Facial Recognition', 'Human Rights', 'Law Enforcement', 'Litigation']"
29,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-interactive-brokers-faces-38m-fines-aml-failures,USA: Interactive Brokers faces $38M in fines for AML failures," The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ('FINRA') announced, on 10 August 2020, along with the Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC') and the Commodities and Futures Trading Commission ('CFTC') enforcement action totalling $38M for anti-money laundering ('AML') failures against Interactive Brokers LLC. In particular, FINRA stated that it had fined Interactive Brokers $15 million for widespread failures in the firm's AML program and noted that part of the settlement - the FINRA Letter of Acceptance, Waiver and Consent ('the FINRA AWC') - requires Interactive Brokers to certify that it will implement the recommendations of a third-party consultant to remedy the failures.  In addition, the SEC Order finds that Interactive Brokers violated the financial recordkeeping and reporting provision of the federal securities laws and a related SEC rule and, as a result, fines Interactive Brokers $11.5 million. Finally, the CFTC action charging Interactive Brokers $11.5 million for a violation of Regulation 42.2. (requiring registrants to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970) marks the first enforcement action of its kind.  Jessica Hopper, FINRA Executive Vice President and Head of Enforcement, stated, ""Today's action is a reminder that member firms must tailor their AML programs to the firms' business model and customer base, and also dedicate resources to programs commensurate with their growth and business lines. FINRA will continue to take steps to ensure that firms comply with their obligation to monitor for, detect and report suspicious activity.""  You can read the FINRA press release here and the FINRA AWC here, the SEC press release here and SEC Order here, and the CFTC press release here.","['Anti-money Laundering', 'Banking Secrecy', 'Enforcement', 'Financial Services', 'Know Your Customer', 'Penalties']"
30,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/finland-deputy-ombudsman-orders-euroclear-not-disclose-shareholder-list-information-telephone,Finland: Deputy Ombudsman orders Euroclear not to disclose shareholder list information via telephone for direct marketing," The Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman announced, on 11 August 2020, that the Deputy Data Protection Ombudsman ('the Deputy Ombudsman'), had ordered Euroclear Finland Oy to modify its shareholder register disclosure activities to ensure compliance with data protection requirements. In particular, the Deputy Ombudsman noted that the company was disclosing, via telephone and for direct marketing purposes, information obtained from a shareholder register of limited companies and cooperatives and highlighted that, as Euroclear independently decided upon the disclosure of the data, it constituted a controller instead of a processor. In addition, the Deputy Ombudsman held that the use of the telephone was not one of the lawful methods for disclosing information of shareholders and, thus, the processing was not fair as required by the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). Moreover, the Deputy Ombudsman considered that Euroclear had a duty to inform data subjects about the disclosure of data for direct marketing purposes, and that merely mentioning direct marketing on a website is not sufficient to ensure that the data subjects have exercised their right to object to the processing of personal data for direct marketing. Therefore, the Deputy Ombudsman ordered Euroclear to change its shareholder register disclosure practices to ensure compliance with data protection requirements. ","['Data Controller', 'Direct Marketing', 'Fair and Lawful Processing', 'GDPR']"
31,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-sec-announces-217m-settlement-world-acceptance-corporation-fcpa-violations,USA: SEC announces $21.7M settlement with World Acceptance Corporation for FCPA violations," The Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC') announced, on 6 August 2020, that World Acceptance Corporation ('WAC'), had agreed to pay $21.7 million to resolve charges that it had violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 1977 ('FCPA'). In particular, the SEC Order ('the Order') states that, from at least December 2010 to June 2017, WAC's former Mexican subsidiary made bribes totalling $4 million to Mexican government and union officials to secure the ability to make loans to government employees and ensure that said loans were paid in a timely manner. Furthermore, the Order details that WAC's subsidiary lacked internal accounting controls sufficient to detect or prevent the payments of such bribes and that the management lacked the appropriate tone in relation to internal audit and compliance. Moreover, in the Order, it is specified that WAC has consented to the Order, which requires WAC to cease and desist from violating the anti-bribery, books and records and internal controls provisions of the FCPA. ","['Bribery', 'Crime', 'Enforcement', 'Financial Services', 'Penalties']"
32,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/denmark-datatilsynet-updates-guidance-records-processing-activities-under-article-30-gdpr,Denmark: Datatilsynet updates guidance on records of processing activities under Article 30 of the GDPR," The Danish data protection authority ('Datatilsynet') announced, on 10 August 2020, that it had updated its guidance ('the Guidance') on records of processing activities under Article 30 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, Datatilsynet highlighted that the Guidance has been updated to clarify that a list of processing activities must state which categories of data subjects the information in question relates to, and must additionally contain a clear link between the categories of personal data processed and the individual categories of data subjects concerned. In addition, the Guidance outlines that if personal data is or will be disclosed in connection with a processing activity, the list must also contain information about which categories of personal data are or will be disclosed to the recipient in question. ","['Accountability', 'Data Processing', 'Data Subject', 'GDPR']"
33,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/russia-rosfinmonitoring-and-deposit-insurance-agency-enter-aml-cooperation-agreement,Russia: Rosfinmonitoring and Deposit Insurance Agency enter into AML cooperation agreement," The Federal Financial Monitoring Service of the Russian Federation ('Rosfinmonitoring') announced, on 5 August 2020, that it had entered into a cooperation agreement with the Deposit Insurance Agency in order to increase the efficiency of cooperation in the anti-money laudering ('AML') sphere. In particular, the cooperation agreement involves the exchange of information and work experience, as well as the development of teaching materials, programs, and recommendations to prevent violations of national legislation. ","['Anti-money Laundering', 'Data Sharing', 'Financial Services']"
34,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/italy-garante-issues-statement-contact-tracing-apps-during-coronavirus-highlights-legal,"Italy: Garante issues statement on contact tracing apps during Coronavirus, highlights legal provision as adequate legal basis"," The Italian data protection authority ('Garante') issued, on 10 August 2020, a statement, on the use of contact tracing apps by public authorities and private companies during COVID-19 ('Coronavirus'). In particular, Garante highlighted that Coronavirus does not in itself constitute a sufficient legal basis for the processing of personal data. In addition, Garante emphasised that only processing which has its legal basis in a provision of national law is legitimate, whereas any other processing aimed at contact tracing is not an adequate legal basis, and is therefore, carried out in violation of European and national legislation on the protection of personal data. ","['Apps', 'Health | Pharmaceutical']"
35,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/oman-tra-publishes-guidelines-internet-service-providers-light-transition-ipv6-protocol,Oman: TRA publishes guidelines for internet service providers in light of transition to IPv6 protocol," The Telecommunications Regulatory Authority ('TRA') published, on 10 August 2020, guidelines ('the Guidelines') for internet service providers aiming to provide them with guidelines and recommendations to achieve a coordinated transition from IPv4 to IPv6. In particular, the Guidelines note that all new IP based services, such as cloud computing and data centres, within the private and public sector, should be able to run IPv6 protocols with immediate effect, and that certain security measures must be implemented. More specifically, with regards to security, the Guidelines propose the use of network security equipment, including firewalls, of Internet Protocol Security ('IPSec') to authenticate and provide confidentiality to assets, as well as the implementation of a security assessment to identify vulnerabilities. ","['Authentication', 'Cloud Computing', 'Cybersecurity', 'Internet', 'Risk Management']"
36,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-fpi-and-ummc-notify-ocr-data-breach-affecting-33896-patients,"USA: FPI and UMMC notify OCR of data breach affecting 33,896 patients"," The University of Maryland Faculty Physicians, Inc. ('FPI') and the University of Maryland Medical Center ('UMMC') notified, on 24 July 2020, the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services' Office for Civil Rights ('OCR'), of a data breach affecting 33,896 patients, which the OCR is now investigating. In particular, the FPI and UMMC noted that they had discovered the unauthorised access of an FPI email account which contained identifiable personal and/or protected health information of certain patients, including name, date of birth, medical record number used for internal purposes, clinical information about care received, as well as a limited number of individuals' social security numbers. In addition, the FPI and UMMC outlined that they have no indication that personal information was misused, but highlighted that they have notified affected individuals, and are reviewing their email policies and procedures to enhance security. ","['Breach Notification', 'Data Breach', 'Data Security', 'Email', 'Investigations', 'Medical Data', 'Sensitive Personal Data']"
37,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/international-basel-comittee-releases-consultative-document-operational-risk-and-resilience,International: Basel Comittee releases Consultative Document on operational risk and resilience," The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ('the Basel Committee') released, on 6 August 2020, a Consultative Document ('the Document') on principles for operational risk and operational resilience. Particularly, the Document highlights the critical role played by banks in the global financial systems and details operational risks such as pandemics, cyber incidents, and technology failures. Furthermore, the Document outlines that banks should manage their dependencies on relationships, including those with, but not limited to, third parties or intra-group entities, for the delivery of critical operations. In addition, the Document notes that banks should ensure resilient information communication technology including cybersecurity that is subject to protection, detection, response, and recovery programmes that are regularly tested.  Comments to the Document should be submitted here by 6 November 2020. ","['Cybersecurity', 'Data Security', 'Financial Services', 'Information Technology', 'Risk Management', 'Third Parties']"
38,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/uk-dsa-publishes-standards-and-guidance-how-improve-data-sharing-across-government,UK: DSA publishes standards and guidance on how to improve data sharing across government," The Data Standards Authority ('DSA') published, on 7 August 2020, summaries of metadata standards and guidance on how to implement them to improve data sharing across the government. In particular, the standards constitute the first deliverable of the DSA, the authority responsible for cross-government data standardisation which is led by the Government Digital Service, and include best practices for sharing comma-separated values ('CSV') files. Firstly, the standard on using metadata to describe data shared within government discusses using the Dublin Core schema when sharing tabular data, like CSV files and spreadsheets, between government departments. Secondly, the standard on using metadata to describe tabular data for publishing recommends using the schema.org standard on data set to describe the contents of a CSV file, spreadsheet or other file type containing data to be published. Thirdly, the standard on using metadata to describe CSV data offers guidance using the CSV on the Web standard to add metadata to describe the contents and structure of CSV data files.  In addition, the guidance on record information about data sets to be shared with others addresses using metadata to facilitate the cataloguing, validation, reuse and sharing of data. Lastly, the guidance on publishing tabular data covers adding metadata to data being published so that search engines can find the data and display structured results for users. ","['Data Sharing', 'Public Sector']"
39,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/uk-ico-issues-%C2%A380000-fine-rain-trading-ltd-unsolicited-direct-marketing-calls-without-valid,"UK: ICO issues £80,000 fine to Rain Trading Ltd for unsolicited direct marketing calls without valid consent"," The Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') published, on 3 August 2020, a monetary penalty notice in which it fined Rain Trading Ld £80,000 under the Data Protection Act 1998 for making, between 1 January 2018 and 29 November 2018, 270,774 unsolicited direct marketing calls to subscribers registered with Telephone Preference Service Ltd ('TPS') without valid consent, in violation of regulation 21 of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 ('PECR'). In particular, the ICO outlined that it had sent, on 8 January 2019, an initial investigation letter to RTL, to which it responded, among other things, that it had purchased the data for direct marketing purposes under contract from two third party data providers, that consent was not recorded, and that any due diligence checks were thought to have been carried out by the third party data providers. Furthermore, the ICO noted that RTL had intended to implement measures including options for recording consent, staff training and software to allow TPS-screening.  In assessing the contraventions, the ICO highlighted that it did not consider that RTL deliberately set out to contravene the PECR, however that it should have been aware of its responsibilities regarding due diligence and taking reasonable steps to prevent such violations. In calculating the monetary penalty, the ICO consider factors such as RTL ceasing its live marketing calls, complaints received to the ICO and the TPS as well as the lack of any internal suppression list to stop repeated calls to the same subscribers. As a result, the ICO issued a monetary penalty notice of £80,000 to be paid by 3 September 2020 at the latest and which can be reduced by 20% to £64,000 if paid by 2 September 2020 to promote compliance with the PECR. ","['Direct Marketing', 'Enforcement', 'Penalties', 'Telemarketing']"
40,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/uk-ico-investigates-barclays-employee-monitoring-tools,UK: ICO investigates Barclays employee monitoring tools," OneTrust DataGuidance confirmed, on 10 August 2020, with the Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO'), that it is investigating Barclays regarding its employee monitoring tools. In particular, an ICO spokesperson said, ""We have an ongoing investigation relating to Barclays' alleged use of employee monitoring tools.""  More specifically, the spokesperson outlined, ""People expect that they can keep their personal lives private and that they are also entitled to a degree of privacy in the workplace [...] If organisations wish to monitor their employees, they should be clear about its purpose and that it brings real benefits. Organisations also need to make employees aware of the nature, extent and reasons for any monitoring.""","['Employee Monitoring', 'Employment', 'Enforcement', 'Financial Services', 'Investigations']"
41,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/international-eu-and-us-authorities-re-evaluate-privacy-shield-following-schrems-ii,International: EU and US authorities to re-evaluate Privacy Shield following Schrems II," The European Commission ('the Commission') and the U.S. Department of Commerce ('DoC') issued, on 10 August 2020, a joint statement announcing that they had initiated discussions to evaluate the potential for an enhanced EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework to comply with the Court Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the Commission and the DoC recognised the vital importance of data protection in the EU and the US, as well as the significance of cross-border data transfers to their citizens and economies. In addition, the Commission and the DoC noted their shared commitment to privacy and the rule of law, as well as to further deepening their economic relationship. ","['Compliance', 'Data Transfer', 'Legal Reform', 'Privacy Shield']"
42,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/norway-datatilsynet-issues-order-ibo-rectify-unfairly-processed-and-incorrect-personal-data,Norway: Datatilsynet issues order to IBO to rectify unfairly processed and incorrect personal data in relation to exam results," The Norwegian data protection authority ('Datatilsynet') announced, on 10 August 2020, that it had issued an order ('the Order') to the International Baccalaureate Organization ('IBO') in relation to the grading of students based on historical data about former students. In particular, Datatilsynet highlighted that the IB grades were not correct because they did not reflect individual academic ability, thereby leading to discrimination, and that the processing was not in line with the reasonable expectations of data subjects, thus contradicting the fairness principle of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In addition, Datatilsynet noted that the processing taking place through this grading system may lead to denial of opportunities for students and that, in this case, it has adversely affected students in an undue and unjustifiable manner. On this basis, Datatilsynet gave the IBO the opportunity to submit its comments to the Order by 14 August 2020 and stated that, following these comments, a final decision will be taken. ","['Fair and Lawful Processing', 'GDPR', 'Profiling', 'Supervisory Authority']"
43,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/uk-bda-suffers-data-breach-small-amount-data-affected-according-current-evidence,"UK: BDA suffers data breach, small amount of data affected according to current evidence"," The British Dental Association ('BDA') suffered, on 30 July 2020, a data breach, as a result of a sophisticated cyberattack. In particular, the BDA announced that, as a result of the breach, it took some of its systems offline, including their website, with its IT team rebuilding its systems on a new network, thus removing the risk of the malware responsible for this attack. In addition, the BDA noted that, at present, it is unsure what information has been compromised, although current evidence suggests that the data extracted relates to a very small snapshot of the total data stored on its servers. Moreover, the BDA stated that the Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') has been informed of the breach, and outlined steps that members of the BDA can take as a precaution, including updating passwords regularly and remaining vigilant to changes in their bank account, although investigations have revealed that redirecting bank transfers and standing orders was not the objective of this attack. ","['Cybercrime', 'Cybersecurity', 'Data Breach', 'Financial Data', 'Investigations']"
44,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-occ-fines-capital-one-80m-failure-implement-effective-risk-assessment-processes,USA: OCC fines Capital One $80M for failure to implement effective risk assessment processes," The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ('OCC') announced, on 6 August 2020, that it had issued an $80 million civil penalty against Capital One, N.A., and Capital One Bank (USA), N.A. In particular, the OCC highlighted that the fine relates to Capital One's failure to implement effective risk assessment processes before migrating significant information technology operations to a public cloud environment as well as not correcting the deficiencies in a timely manner. In addition, the OCC outlined that the deficiencies identified were not compliant with 12 C.F.R. Part 30, Appendix B, 'Interagency Guidelines Establishing Information Security Standards' and that sound risk management and internal controls procedures are essential for banks to adequately protect consumers and for the safety of bank operation.   UPDATE (11 August 2020)  FRB issues cease and desist order against Capital One  The Federal Reserve Board ('FRB') issued, on 6 August 2020, a cease and desist order against Capital One ('the Order'). In particular, the FRB highlighted that the Order was a result of the data breach suffered by Capital One in March 2019 involving the personal information of Capital One credit card customers and applicants for credit card products. ","['Data Security', 'Enforcement', 'Penalties', 'Risk Management']"
45,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/china-cbirc-fines-bocomm-cny-1m-failures-protect-personal-data-customers-and-reckless,China: CBIRC fines Bocomm CNY 1M for failures to protect personal data of customers and reckless management of credit card information collection outsourcing," The China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission ('CBIRC') issued, on 5 August 2020, a fine of CNY 1 million (approx. €121,900) on the Bank of Communications Co., Ltd Pacific ('Bocomm') for failures to provide protection to personal data of customers. In particular, the CBIRC clarified in its decision that Bocomm had failed to provide adequate protection to personal data of customers and had mismanaged its outsourcing of customer credit card information collection. ","['Data Collection', 'Financial Data', 'Financial Services', 'Outsourcing', 'Penalties', 'Supervisory Authority']"
46,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-fcc-commissioner-sends-letter-telecoms-service-providers-inquiring-data-collection-and,USA: FCC Commissioner sends letter to telecoms service providers inquiring into data collection and selling practices," The Federal Communications Commission ('FCC') announced, on 5 August 2020, that FCC Commissioner, Geoffrey Starks, had send letters to AT&T Inc. and Verizon Communications inquiring into their practices of aggregation and monetisation of sensitive consumer data. In particular, the FCC highlighted that consumer data is being aggregated and monetised for advertisement placement purposes, and that this data is being used to track consumers' locations to protests and places of worship. In this respect, the FCC noted that Starks is seeking information into AT&T and Verizon's participation in real-time bidding exchanges for mobile advertising, and is requesting details on each provider's policies and procedures to prohibit or minimise tracking of consumers. Specifically the FCC outlined that the letters sent to the service providers ask, among other things, the companies to explain their participation in monetising or using customer data intended for advertising placement to advance non-advertising objectives, to quantify the amount of US location data distributed in real-time bidding processes, and to detail policies in place to minimise, destroy, or prohibit the tracking of consumers according to their data.  The FCC noted that this follows a bipartisan group of members of the U.S. Congress sending a letter on the same to the Federal Trade Commission ('FTC'), requesting an investigation into such practices. ","['Data Collection', 'Data Sharing', 'Direct Marketing', 'Geolocation', 'Sensitive Personal Data']"
47,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/france-cnil-updates-standard-simplify-procedure-accessing-data-health-insurance-sector,France: CNIL updates standard to simplify procedure for accessing data in health insurance sector," The French data protection authority ('CNIL') published, on 7 August 2020, its updated standard ('the Standard') which simplifies the conditions for accessing data from the permanent representative sample of the population ('EGB') protected by French health insurance within the National Inter-Regime Health Insurance Information System ('SNIIRAM'), following the entry into force of Law No. 2019-774 of 24 July 2019 on the Organisation and Transformation of the Health System. In particular, the update of the Standard aims to allow the Health Data Hub, under certain conditions, to access the relevant personal data in the context of processing activities which present a low risk for impact on the right to privacy. Specifically, the Standard specifies that access conditions include processing activities carried out for the purposes of research, study or analysis in the health sector, which serve the public interest, and for which access to the EGB, SNIIRAM or the related datamarts is necessary. In addition, the Standard highlights that, for such specific purposes of processing, neither the opinion of the Committee for Research, Study and Analysis in the health sector ('CESREES') nor authorisation from CNIL will need to be obtained.  Furthermore, the Standard has been updated with, among other things, a list of purposes for processing which can benefit from the new and simplified procedure, which includes changes in care, comparative analysis of treatment, description and analysis of patient pathologies and treatment plans. Moreover, the Standard adds that manufacturers and insurance providers working in the health sector can also benefit from the simplified access procedure, although they are required to collaborate with laboratories. Lastly, the Standard details that, where necessary, the period for which data can be accessed may be extended once for a maximum period of 24 months. ","['Access', 'Authorisation', 'Data Processing', 'Health | Pharmaceutical', 'Supervisory Authority']"
48,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/eu-beuc-report-gdpr-two-year-anniversary%C2%A0highlights-problems-consumer-protection-and-gdpr,EU: BEUC report on GDPR two-year anniversary highlights problems for consumer protection and GDPR enforcement," The European Consumer Organisation ('BEUC') issued, on 5 August 2020, a report ('the Report') on the two year anniversary of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') focusing on the enforcement of the GDPR from the perspective of consumers and national consumer organisations. In particular, the Report seeks to show the current lack of effectiveness in the application of the GDPR for consumer protection as a result of the lack of harmonised binding administrative procedures to deal with cross border complaints as well as the slow pace of proceedings. In addition, the Report makes recommendations, including the establishment of, among others, a common administrative procedure to handle complaints related to cross-border cases by the European Data Protection Board ('EDPB'), specific support mechanisms for data subjects or organisations representing them, and a list of organisations which would be considered eligible to represent data subjects under Article 80 of the GDPR. ","['Data Subject', 'GDPR', 'Supervisory Authority']"
49,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/china-cbirc-fines-cmb-cny-1m-failure-protect-personal-data-customers-and-reckless-credit,China: CBIRC fines CMB CNY 1M for failure to protect personal data of customers and reckless credit investigations," The China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission ('CBIRC') issued, on 5 August 2020, a fine of CNY 1 million (approx. €121,900) on China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd ('CMB') for failures to provide protection to personal data of customers and for reckless investigations into applicants' credit information. In particular, the CBIRC clarified in its decision that CMB had failed to provide adequate protection to personal data over the period of December 2014 to May 2019. ","['Enforcement', 'Financial Data', 'Financial Services', 'Penalties', 'Supervisory Authority']"
50,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/brazil-executive-decree-establishing-policy-personal-data-protection-accordance-lgpd-published,Brazil: Executive Decree establishing policy for personal data protection in accordance with LGPD published in Pernambuco Official Journal," Executive Decree 49.265 of 6 August 2020 on Instituting the State Policy for the Protection of Personal Data of the State Executive Branch in accordance with Law No. 13.709 of 14 August 2018, General Personal Data Protection Law (as amended by Law No. 13.853 of 8 July 2019) ('LGPD') was published, on 7 August 2020, in the Official Journal of the State of Pernambuco. In particular, Executive Decree 49.265, in accordance with the LGPD, establishes the State Policy for the Protection of Personal Data ('PEPDP'), outlining various principles, including purpose limitation for data processing, complying with data security practices, necessity, transparency, accountability, and non-discrimination, as well as guaranteeing data subjects' free access to their personal data. In addition, Executive Decree 49.265 provides for definitions such as sensitive personal data, outlines the governance and regulatory powers of the PEPDP such as approving rules for the protection of personal data, and regulates the processing or personal data and data sharing practices. ","['Data Processing', 'Data Sharing', 'Data Subject Rights', 'Legal Reform']"
51,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/gibraltar-gra-fines-royal-gibraltar-police-%C2%A35000-unlawful-disclosure-personal-data,"Gibraltar: GRA fines Royal Gibraltar Police £5,000 for unlawful disclosure of personal data"," The Gibraltar Regulatory Authority ('GRA') announced, on 7 August 2020, that it has fined Royal Gibraltar Police £5,000 for its unlawful disclosure of personal data. In particular, the GRA noted that the breach related to data contained in pocketbook entries and witness accounts regarding a police investigation which was subsequently shared with the wrong recipient. In addition, the GRA highlighted that the breach was considered serious as the disclosure of personal data relating to criminal prosecutions may posit a real risk of distress for individuals, and that the Royal Gibraltar police had breached, among other things, its obligation to ensure the security of data processing. ","['Data Breach', 'Data Security', 'Public Sector', 'Supervisory Authority']"
52,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/yahoo-data-security-breach-settlement,USA: Court grants final approval in Yahoo customer data security breach litigation settlement," The United States District Court Northern District of California San Jose Division ('the Court') granted, on 22 July 2020, final approval to the Yahoo! Inc. class action settlement over the company's 2016 data breach ('the Order'). In particular, the Order awarded attorneys' fees, costs, and expenses and service awards to the class representatives who brought the suit on behalf of the class with the final approved settlement totalling $117.5 million and the settlement class size of approximately 195 million individuals in In re Yahoo! Inc. Customer Data Sec. Breach Litig., No. 16-MD-02752-LHK, 2020 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 129939 (N.D. Cal. July 22, 2020). ","['Data Breach', 'Litigation', 'Penalties']"
53,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/philippines-npc-limits-disclosure-personal-information-publication-decisions,Philippines: NPC limits disclosure of personal information in publication of decisions," The National Privacy Commission ('NPC') issued, on 6 August 2020, a statement on the publication of personal information within its decisions. In particular, the NPC noted that it will now pseudonymise personal information, such as address and names, in cases where data is published online. In addition, the NPC noted that this is enforced through the NPC Advisory 2020-01 on Protocols for the Publication of Decisions, Resolutions and Orders on the NPC Website, and highlighted that it will limit the publication of cases, orders, and resolution that have not been disposed of with finality. ","['Anonymisation | Pseudonymisation', 'Disclosure', 'Enforcement', 'Supervisory Authority']"
54,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/international-wef-white-paper-notice-and-consent-looks-change-approach-collection-and,International: WEF white paper on notice and consent looks to change approach to collection and processing of personal data," The World Economic Forum ('WEF') published, on 30 July 2020, its white paper ('the Paper') on notice and consent for human technology interaction. In particular, the Paper focuses on the challenges of notice and consent as a norm for data collection and processing, with the goal of facilitating a potential redesign of the framework for all aspects of information collection, use, retention and disclosure. Specifically, the Paper discusses various topics in this respect, including questions of ethics in mechanisms for consent collection, using dynamic and proactive policy responses based on positive reinforcement to manage dynamic and unpredictable data use and reuse demands rather than regulation rooted in punitive approaches, as well as generally looking at how to encourage both consumers and businesses to improve privacy norms for the collection and processing of personal data. ","['Consent', 'Data Collection', 'Data Processing']"
55,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/michigan-ag-announces-settlement-shutting-down-telecom-carrier-responsible-illegal-robocalls,Michigan: AG announces settlement shutting down telecom carrier responsible for illegal robocalls," The Michigan Attorney General ('AG'), Dana Nessel, announced, on 7 August 2020, that MODOK LLC, a California-based Voice Over Internet Protocol ('VOIP') voice service provider, had agreed to exit the VoIP telecom industry and begin winding down its operations. In particular, MODOK conducted illegal robocalls regarding Social Security Administration scams and auto-warranty scams, which had allegedly been carrying foreign illegal robocall traffic into the United States and on to residents of the State of Michigan. ","['Enforcement', 'Identity Theft', 'Telemarketing']"
56,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/turkey-kvkk-publicly-announces-data-breach-ransomware-attack,Turkey: KVKK publicly announces data breach from ransomware attack," The Personal Data Protection Authority ('KVKK') made, on 6 August 2020, a public announcement of a data breach resulting from a ransomware attack which affected Penti Giyim Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim Şirketi and its affiliates. In particular, the KVKK highlighted that, under Article 12(5) of the Law on Protection of Personal Data No. 6698, in cases where the processed data is accessed illegally, the data controller has an obligation to notify the relevant persons and the KVKK. In addition, the KVKK noted that the breach affected, among other things, the communication and identity data of 45,242 employees, as well as customer data, and that the investigation into the breach will continue. ","['Breach Notification', 'Data Breach', 'Data Security']"
57,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/gibraltar-amlcft-coordinator-issues-third-amlcft-assessment-urges-businesses-make-use,"Gibraltar: AML/CFT coordinator issues third AML/CFT assessment, urges businesses to make use of this assessment"," The Office of Fair Trading ('OFT') announced, on 4 August 2020, that the National Coordinator for anti-money laundering and combating the financing of terrorism ('AML/CFT') has issued the latest National Risk Assessment ('the NRA') for AML/CFT in Gibraltar. In particular, the NRA identifies money laundering ('ML'), terrorist financing ('TF'), and proliferation financing ('PF') risks and vulnerabilities while concentrating on sectors including distributed ledger technology, gambling, auditing, as well as real estate. In addition, the OFT urged businesses to take into account the NRA in ensuring that their control systems can prevent, detect, and make the necessary disclosures to law enforcement agencies in relation to the occurrence of ML, TF, and PF or suspicion of the same. ","['Anti-money Laundering', 'Gambling', 'Risk Management', 'Virtual Currency']"
58,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/spain-ministry-announces-radarcovid-passed-test-phase,Spain: Ministry announces that RadarCOVID passed the test phase," The Ministry of Economic Affairs and Digital Transformation ('the Ministry') announced, on 3 August 2020, in a statement ('the Statement') that the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') tracing app ('RadarCOVID') has succesfully passed the trial period, meeting all the objectives set.  In particular, the Ministry stated that RadarCOVID follows high technical standards and respects the privacy of users in compliance with all the recommendations made by the European Commission in this regard. In addition, the Ministry highlighted that app users cannot be identified or located by other users and that the data is stored in a decentral manner. Furthermore, the Ministry detailed that RadarCOVID uses the end device's Bluetooth connection, through which mobile phones emit and observe anonymous identifiers of other phones which change periodically. Moreover, the Ministry held that both the use of RadarCOVID and the communication of a possible infection will always be voluntary.  Finally, the Ministry stated that the next step would be to make RadarCOVID available for the health sector and autonomous communities, and announced that a first functional version of the tool could be ready to be launched in mid-August. ","['Apps', 'Data Security', 'Health | Pharmaceutical']"
59,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/rhineland-palatinate-lfdi-rheinland-pfalz-calls-law-ensure-data-collected-coronavirus-contact,Rhineland-Palatinate: LfDI Rheinland-Pfalz calls for law to ensure that data collected for Coronavirus contact tracing is not used for inappropriate purposes," The Rhineland-Palatinate data protection authority ('LfDI Rheinland-Pfalz') issued, on 6 August 2020, a statement ('the Statement') calling for a law ('the Law') to ensure that data collected for COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') contact tracing when visiting restaurants, hairdressers, or games libraries is not used for inappropriate purposes. In particular, the LfDI Rheinland-Pfalz highlighted that not only does the contact tracing data collection allow conclusions to be drawn about the leisure time and consumer behavior of visitors and customers, the lists have recently come under fire due to isolated access by the police authorities. The Law would include purpose limitation regulations, use bans, and special rules for criminal prosecution, which can only access the contact data collected for the purpose of infection protection in the event of serious criminal offenses and under the condition of procedural guarantees, such as judicial decisions. Finally, the LfDI Rheinland-Pfalz stated that legal security and the protection of liberty are fundamental requirements of an accepted and thus successful infection protection. ","['Access', 'Law Enforcement', 'Legal Reform', 'Proportionality']"
60,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/eu-edps-blogpost-quantum-computing-and-cryptography-highlights-data-protection-implications,EU: EDPS blogpost on quantum computing and cryptography highlights data protection implications," The European Data Protection Supervisor ('EDPS') published, on 7 August 2020, a blogpost ('the Blogpost') on quantum computing and cryptography highlighting the benefit of quantum computing for scientific developments. In particular, the Blogpost explains that, for specific issues, quantum computers have a speed advantage over classical computers and outlines, among other things, the implications of quantum computing for data protection in terms of data security and confidentiality of communications. More specifically, the Blogpost notes that quantum computing can break cryptography, thus, undermining IT security and also affecting core internet security protocols. In addition, the Blogpost highlights that quantum-safe cryptography which will not be affected by quantum computers, is not yet standardised and that, currently, until the transition to quantum-safe cryptography, organisations should consider for how long they need to ensure absolute confidentiality of data and protection from retrospective decryption. ","['Confidentiality', 'Cybersecurity', 'Data Security', 'Encryption']"
61,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/chile-cplt-statement-subtel-data-collection-requests-questions-legality-and-compliance-data,Chile: CPLT statement on SUBTEL data collection requests questions legality and compliance with data protection law," The Chilean Transparency Council ('CPLT') issued, on 6 August 2020, a statement following the Undersecretariat of Telecommunications' ('SUBTEL') request that companies in the telecommunications sector disclose large amounts of personal data of users to SUBTEL. In particular, the CPLT noted that SUBTEL had sent a letter to companies requesting the delivery of customer data in order to carry out an opinion study, and secondly, that a company, after being awarded a tender for a technical standard for the provision of internet access and a minimum speed of internet, will be responsible for collecting user information through software that the company can install on cell phones or computers to measure speed, and which will collect and deliver individuals' data to SUBTEL.  In this respect, the CPLT outlined that the principles of necessity and proportionality must be respected, and only the necessary data for the intended purposes should be collected and used for those purposes only, in accordance with Law No. 19.628 on the Protection of Private Life 1999 ('the Law'). Moreover, the CPLT further urged compliance with international standards and norms on the same, and highlighted the new legal initiative under discussion in Parliament, which would modernise the Law and resolve gaps in the current legal framework. ","['Compliance', 'Data Collection', 'Data Sharing', 'Disclosure', 'Necessity', 'Proportionality', 'Telecommunications']"
62,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/hamburg-hmbbfdi-calls-federal-legislators-limit-law-enforcement-access-data-collected-contact,Hamburg: HmbBfDI calls for federal legislators to limit law enforcement access to data collected for contact tracing for Coronavirus purposes," The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information ('HmbBfDI') issued, on 4 August 2020, a statement ('the Statement') calling for federal legislators to limit law enforcement access to data collected for contact tracing for COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') purposes. In particular, the HmbBfDI noted that local data protection authorities are generally not able to monitor cases in which the massive amounts of data that is stored in reserve is used as an aid in the fulfillment of the tasks of the law enforcement authorities, as there is often a lack of knowledge about the cases of change of purpose. Furthermore, the HmbBfDI outlined that the possibility that law enforcement authorities use this data for their own purposes is largely unrestricted by the Code of Criminal Procedure and the Federal Data Protection Act of 30 June 2017 (implementing the GDPR) and that corresponding data processing, insofar as it is carried out to determine or punish criminal offences or administrative offences, must comply with the principle of proportionality. ","['Health | Pharmaceutical', 'Law Enforcement', 'Legal Reform', 'Proportionality']"
63,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/netherlands-ap-publishes-initial-results-investigation-smart-cities,Netherlands: AP publishes initial results on investigation into smart cities," The Dutch data protection authority ('AP') published, on 6 August 2020, initial results (' the Results') on its investigation into smart cities. In particular, the AP outlined that the investigation focuses on the processing of citizens' personal data in public spaces with technologies such as sensors, as part of which the AP requested Data Protection Impact Assessments ('DPIA'). Specifically, the AP highlighted that, among other things, municipalities should clearly indicate what data is being processed, review and update DPIAs, and allow 14 weeks for possible prior consultation.  Furthermore, the AP stated that it expects to complete the investigation after the summer, later than expected due to the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic. ","['Data Protection Impact Assessment', 'Internet of Things', 'Investigations', 'Supervisory Authority']"
64,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/cyprus-commissioner-answers-questions-relating-measures-taken-during-coronavirus-highlights,"Cyprus: Commissioner answers questions relating to measures taken during Coronavirus, highlights legal basis when using thermal cameras"," The Office of the Commissioner for Personal Data Protection ('the Commissioner') issued, on 5 August 2020, a statement, answering questions relating to measures taken by organisations to prevent the spread of COVID-19 ('Coronavirus'). In particular, the Commissioner referred to its previous statement on the use of thermal cameras and highlighted such use is only allowed if there is a legal basis pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), and provided that the principles of purpose limitation and data minimisation are fulfilled. Furthermore, in relation to employers conducting diagnostic tests, the Commissioner emphasised that in the absence of decrees by the Ministry of Health which determine the circumstances under which such tests can be carried out, the employer cannot oblige employees to give their consent for this purpose, as consent in the context of employment does not constitute a free expression of will. ","['Consent', 'Data Minimisation', 'Employment', 'GDPR', 'Health | Pharmaceutical', 'Medical Data']"
65,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/lithuania-vdai-launches-public-consultation-procedure-approval-bcrs,Lithuania: VDAI launches public consultation for procedure of approval of BCRs," The State Data Protection Inspectorate ('VDAI') announced, on 4 August 2020, that it had launched a public consultation for the description ('the Description') of the procedure for submitting requests of data controllers for approval of Binding Corporate Rules ('BCR'). In particular, the Description applies to the transfers of data to third countries in accordance with Articles 46(2)(b) and 47 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') but not to the transfers of data to data controllers or processors who do not belong to the group of companies that had submitted the request for BCR approval. In addition, the Description covers, among other things, the obligations of the data controller when submitting a request for BCR approval and the procedure of assessment of such requests by the VDAI.  Comments on the Description can be submitted at p. [email protected] by 18 August 2020. ","['Binding Corporate Rules', 'Data Transfer', 'GDPR', 'Supervisory Authority']"
66,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/new-zealand-opcnz-addresses-data-transfers-post-schrems-ii,New Zealand: OPCNZ addresses data transfers post Schrems II," The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of New Zealand ('OPCNZ') released, on 6 August 2020, a blog post on international data transfers in light of the Court Justice of the European Union's ('CJEU') judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the OPCNZ highlighted that the decision in the Schrems II Case does not directly affect personal data transfers between the EU and New Zealand because these transfers are conducted on the basis of the existing adequacy decision which has been in place since 2012. However, the OPCNZ noted that the influence of the decision on international data transfers is likely to be significant and will have an impact on the international framework for data flows. In addition, the OPCNZ outlined that it will take the decision in the Schrems II Case into consideration when developing model contract clauses under the Privacy Act 2020, which includes new limits on international transfers of personal information under information privacy principle 12. ","['Adequacy', 'Data Transfer', 'Model Clauses', 'Privacy Shield', 'Surveillance']"
67,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-congress-members-letter-dmv-questions-privacy-practices-and-disclosure-personal-information,USA: Congress Members' letter to DMV questions privacy practices and disclosure of personal information to third parties," U.S. Congresswoman, Anna Eshoo, sent, on 5 August 2020, along with other Members of Congress and California State legislators, a letter ('the Letter') to the California Department of Motor Vehicles ('DMV') inquiring into its data privacy and security practices. In particular, the Letter expresses concern about, among other things, the DMV's disclosure of personal data which could enable invasive biometric policing, and reports involving the sale of personal data to third parties without individuals' knowledge, consent, or opportunity to opt-out.  As such, the Letter poses questions to the DMV including what types of organisations the DMV has disclosed drivers' data to in the past three years, as well as whether the DMV has sold or otherwise disclosed data to debt collection agencies, private investigators, data brokers, or law enforcement agencies. In addition, the Letter asks whether the DMV has disclosed drivers' photos to federal, state, or local law enforcement agencies or given such agencies access to a database of drivers' photos, what specific fields of personal information have been sold or disclosed to third parties, and whether the DMV would honour individuals' requests not to have their data sold if such requests are made, among other questions. ","['Access', 'Biometric Data', 'Consent', 'Data Sharing', 'Disclosure', 'Facial Recognition', 'Law Enforcement', 'Opt-in/out', 'Public Sector', 'Sensitive Personal Data', 'Third Parties']"
68,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/south-korea-fsc-and-fss-publish-guidance-pseudonymisation-and-anonymisation-financial-data,South Korea: FSC and FSS publish guidance on pseudonymisation and anonymisation of financial data," The Financial Services Commission ('FSC') and the Financial Supervisory Service ('FSS') published jointly, on 6 August 2020, their guidance to the pseudonymisation and anonymisation of financial data ('the Guidance') following its consultation period. In particular, the FSC clarified that the Guidance follows and establishes the requirements of the new revisions of the Data 3 Act to the Credit Information Use and Protection Act.  You can read the statements of the FSC here and the FSS here, and download the Guidance here, all only available in Korean.","['Anonymisation | Pseudonymisation', 'Financial Data', 'Financial Services', 'Supervisory Authority']"
69,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/spain-aepd-fines-%E2%82%AC3000-just-landed-eprivacy-directive-violation-and-expresses-warning-gdpr,"Spain: AEPD fines €3,000 Just Landed for ePrivacy Directive violation and expresses warning for GDPR violation"," The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 23 July 2020, a resolution ('the Resolution') fining Just Landed, SL €3,000 for violating the Directive on Privacy and Electronic Communications (Directive 2002/58/EC) ('the ePrivacy Directive') for its cookie policy, and expressing a warning for a violation of Article 13 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') regarding Just Landed's privacy policy. In particular, the AEPD highlighted that on one of Just Landed's website pages, there was no cookie policy and the terms and conditions of its privacy policy were only in English, despite the entity being based in Spanish territory. Moreover, there was no banner or notice relating to cookies on the website page, nor any link or mechanism which allows the accepting, rejection, or management of the installation of cookies, but cookies were loaded without any action. Furthermore, the AEPD noted that the offence is 'slight' under Article 38(4)(g) of the ePrivacy Directive, and that it based its fine on the criteria listed in Article 40 of the ePrivacy Directive. Finally, the AEPD noted that one of Just Landed's websites had a privacy policy, but that it was in English. ","['Cookies', 'Enforcement', 'GDPR', 'Penalties', 'ePrivacy']"
70,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/singapore-mas-publishes-paper-enhancing-aml-and-cft-risk-assessments,Singapore: MAS publishes paper on enhancing AML and CFT risk assessments," The Monetary Authority of Singapore ('MAS') published, on 3 August 2020, its information paper ('the Paper') on enhancing enterprise-wide risk assessments on anti-money laundering ('AML') and countering the financing of terrorism ('CFT'). In particular, the Paper outlines a number of recommendations for financial institutions including that, among other things, banks should develop sound and systematic methodologies to effectively identify and analyse inherent risks, assess the adequacy of AML/CFT controls, and determine residual risks and additional mitigating measures to address these risks. Furthermore, the Paper notes that banks should perform control testing in a timely manner, and incorporate the results of control testing in the enterprise-wide risk assessment of the adequacy of controls used when addressing risks. ","['Anti-money Laundering', 'Financial Services', 'Risk Management', 'Terrorism']"
71,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/spain-aepd-fines-grow-beats-%E2%82%AC3000-unlawful-cookie-practices,"Spain: AEPD fines GROW BEATS €3,000 for unlawful cookie practices"," The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') issued, on 6 August 2020, a decision ('the Decision') in proceeding PS/00092/2020, fining GROW BEATS SL €3,000 for unlawful cookie practices. In particular, GROW BEATS had published a cookie policy on its website, in which the first layer did not contain information on the purpose for the use of cookies and the second layer did not contain information on the characteristics of the cookies that were installed, and the time period for which they will remain active in the terminal equipment of the end user. Moreover, the AEPD held that insufficient information was provided on the use of third party cookies and their management, and stated that no mechanism had been established that allows to reject all cookies.  Finally, the AEPD decided to fine GROW BEATS for these unlawful practices with €3,000. ","['Consent', 'Cookies', 'Enforcement', 'Penalties', 'Supervisory Authority']"
72,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-nist-releases-two-drafts-nistirs-public-comment,USA: NIST releases two drafts NISTIRs for public comment," The National Institute of Standards and Technology ('NIST') released, on 4 August 2020, two Informative References ('NISTIRs') for the National Cybersecurity Online Informative References ('OLIR') Program, Draft (2nd) NISTIR 8278, and Draft NISTIR 8278A, for public comment. In particular, NIST highlighted that Draft (2nd) NISTIR 8278 describes, among others, OLIRs and the OLIR Program, the benefits of OLIRs, and the introduction of the NIST Privacy Framework: A Tool for Improving Privacy through Enterprise Risk Management v1.0 focal document template. In addition, NIST outlined that Draft NISTIR 8278A instructs developers on how to complete an OLIR Focal Document spreadsheet when submitting an Informative Reference to NIST to be included in the OLIR Catalog.   Comments on both drafts can be submitted to [email protected] by 4 September 2020. ","['Data Security', 'Risk Management']"
73,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/australia-government-releases-cybersecurity-strategy-2020,Australia: Government releases Cybersecurity Strategy 2020," The Australian Government released, on 6 August 2020, its Cybersecurity Strategy 2020 ('the Strategy'). In particular, the Strategy outlines Australia's approach to keeping individuals, critical infrastructure providers, and businesses secure online. Furthermore, the Strategy highlights that the Government has established a Cyber Enhanced Situational Awareness and Response package in order to strengthen cybersecurity and law enforcement capabilities, protect businesses, and raise the community's awareness of cybersecurity issues. In addition, the Strategy outlines that the Government will consult with businesses regarding legislative changes that would set a minimum cybersecurity baseline through the consideration of, among other things, the role of privacy, consumer and data protection laws, company directors, and other business entity's duties, as well as manufacturer obligations in relation to internet-connected devices. Moreover, the Strategy notes the Government's intention to develop an enhanced regulatory framework for critical infrastructure and systems of national significance which will include an enforceable positive security obligation for designated critical infrastructure entities. ","['Critical Infrastructure', 'Cybercrime', 'Cybersecurity', 'Data Security', 'Internet', 'Public Sector']"
74,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/malaysia-bnm-announces-launch-fintech-booster-program-help-improve-development-fintech,Malaysia: BNM announces launch of FinTech Booster program to help improve the development of FinTech companies based in Malaysia," The Central Bank of Malaysia ('BNM') announced, on 4 August 2020, the launch of the FinTech Booster program ('the FinTech Program') developed in collaboration with Malaysia Digital Economy Corporation. In particular, the BNM highlighted that the FinTech Program is meant to help FinTech companies based in Malaysia develop meaningful innovative products and services by enhancing their understanding of legal compliance and regulatory requirements. Specifically, the BNM noted that the FinTech Program will allow FinTech companies to participate in public sessions or clinics covering topics including, company law, cybersecurity, as well as data governance, and will provide a centralised hub for consultants, advisors, and solution providers to provide FinTech companies with the necessary tools and support to develop their products and services. ","['Cybersecurity', 'Financial Data', 'Financial Services', 'Risk Management']"
75,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-senate-and-house-committee-leaders-urge-issuance-guidance-following-schrems-ii-case,USA: Senate and House Committee leaders urge issuance of guidance following Schrems II Case," Leaders from the U.S. Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee and the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee sent, on 5 August 2020, a letter ('the Letter') to the U.S. Department of Commerce ('DoC') Secretary, Wilbur Ross, and the Federal Trade Commission ('FTC') Chairman, Joseph Simons following the Court of Justice of the EU's judgment in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland Limited, Maximillian Schrems (C-311/18) ('the Schrems II Case'). In particular, the Letter urges cooperation with European counterparts and calls for interim guidance to be issued which would assist consumers and businesses following the Schrems II Case. ","['Compliance', 'Data Transfer', 'Privacy Shield']"
76,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/poland-uodo-issues-reprimand-secondary-school-processing-students-data-without-legal-basis,Poland: UODO issues reprimand to secondary school for processing students' data without a legal basis," The Polish data protection authority ('UODO') published, on 4 August, its decision ('the Decision') to issue a reprimand to a secondary school for processing students' personal data in connection with a questionnaire conducted to identify students who require psychological support from the school they attend. In particular, the UODO highlighted that the processing was contrary to Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), as the legal acts regulating the principles of the functioning of educational institutions do not specify such tasks and obligations. However, the UODO noted that a reprimand was sufficient at this stage, as the school took immediate corrective actions such as destroying the questionnaire forms and organising employee training to raise awareness of the protection of personal data. ","['Children', 'Data Processing', 'Education', 'Enforcement', 'GDPR']"
77,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/denmark-datatilsynet-issues-decision-processing-fingerprint-information-employment-context,Denmark: Datatilsynet issues decision on processing of fingerprint information in employment context," The Danish data protection authority ('Datatilsynet') issued, on 5 August 2020, its decision ('the Decision') stating that it is permissible under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') for an unnamed company to process fingerprint information for the purpose of uniquely identifying employees, following consultation with the Data Council. In particular, the Datatilsynet highlighted that a trade union had complained on behalf of one of its members that a company processes information about fingerprints with a view to unambiguously identifying which employee is approaching and leaving the workplace. Furthermore, the Decision outlines that one of the council members did not believe that the Datatilsynet was competent to deal with the issue, as the matter is covered by the Danish Employers' Confederation and the Danish Trade Union Confederation ('the DA/LO Agreement') on control measures, so the member believed that the trade union system was the right forum.  In the Decision, the Datatilsynet highlighted that the company stated that this was a control measure which had been notified in accordance with the main agreement between the DA/LO Agreement. Furthermore, the Datatilsynet noted that the company justified the control measure on the grounds that it is crucial for food safety, including the company's export opportunities, that unauthorised persons do not gain access to the production site and that it can be identified at any time who has participated in the production of a given product. Moreover, the Datatilsynet outlined in the Decision that key tags that employees scan do not provide sufficient assurance that it can be unambiguously identified who has been present in the production, as there may be theft of key tags or replacement of key tags, both incorrectly and intentionally. In addition, the Datatilsynet emphasised that the system does not store images of the individual's fingerprint, but a unique template based on the fingerprint. Specifically, the scanner is designed so that data in the scanner, should it fall into the wrong hands, could not be used without a copy of the associated database, and that the database is located on a server at the group's head office that only the IT department's employees have access to via a separate coding system. Furthermore, the Datatilsynet noted that non-employees do not have access to the company's PCs, and that the information in the system can only be accessed by the few employees who have a work-related need for this, which only includes the IT department and the group's payroll office.  After an overall review, the Datatilsynet found that there was no basis for overriding the company's assessment as the processing could therefore take place in accordance with Article 5 of the GDPR and Section 12(1) of Act No. 502 of 23 May 2018 on Supplementary Provisions to the Regulation on the Protection of Natural Persons with Regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the Free Movement of Such Data. ","['Biometric Data', 'Compliance', 'Employee Monitoring', 'Employment', 'Enforcement', 'GDPR', 'Sensitive Personal Data']"
78,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/brazil-federal-deputy-proposes-august-2020-lgpd-entry-effect,Brazil: Federal Deputy proposes August 2020 LGPD entry into effect," The Chamber of Deputies published, on 5 August 2020, the opinion ('the Opinion') of Federal Deputy, Damião Feliciano, on Provisional Measure No. 959 of 29 April 2020 ('the Provisional Measure'), proposing, among other things, that the entry into effect of the Law No. 13.709 of 14 August 2018, General Personal Data Protection Law (as amended by Law No. 13.853 of 8 July 2019) ('LGPD') be maintained as August 2020, and as originally provided.  The Provisional Measure is still pending approval before the Congress of Brazil. ",['Legal Reform']
79,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/ukraine-commissioner-clarifies-lawyers-right-access-client-personal-data,Ukraine: Commissioner clarifies lawyers' right to access client personal data," The Ukrainian Parliamentary Commissioner for Human Rights ('the Commissioner') released, on 5 August 2020, a statement clarifying a lawyer's right to access the personal information of their client. In particular, the Commissioner noted that a lawyer's request for personal data, including personal data related to health, must meet the access requirements of the Law of 1 June 2010 No. 2297-VI on Personal Data Protection (as amended). Moreover, the Commissioner highlighted that the identity and authority of the lawyer to access such information must also be confirmed, emphasising that the onus is on the data user to ensure the identity of the lawyer, and the proper protection of personal data from illegal access. ","['Access', 'Data Controller', 'Disclosure']"
80,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/uk-ncsc-publishes-cyber-insurance-guidance-urges-businesses-consider-seven-key-questions-help,"UK: NCSC publishes cyber insurance guidance, urges businesses to consider seven key questions to help them make informed decisions about cover"," The National Cyber Security Centre ('NCSC') published, on 6 August 2020, its new cyber insurance guidance ('the Guidance'). In particular, the Guidance highlights the seven cybersecurity questions organisations should be asking if they are considering purchasing cyber insurance, including what cybersecurity defences organisations have in place, as purchasing an insurance policy might require providing information about their security controls, and whether organisations understand the potential impacts of a cyber incident. ","['Cybercrime', 'Cybersecurity', 'Insurance', 'Risk Management']"
81,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/latvia-fiu-publishes-annual-report-2019-highlights-digitalisation-data-processing-and-money,"Latvia: FIU publishes annual report 2019, highlights digitalisation of data processing, and money laundering schemes"," The Financial Intelligence Unit ('FIU') published, on 31 July 2020, its annual report ('the Annual Report') for 2019. In particular, the Annual Report addresses, among other things, the digitalisation of data processing and analytic processes, plans for 2020, and money laundering ('ML') schemes. More specifically, in relation to the digitalisation of data processing, the Annual Report notes that a system for processing and protecting personal data was created in the FIU during 2019, which included a data protection specialist, as well as a register of data protection violations. In addition, the Annual Report highlights that the FIU has implemented strategic analyses in relation to, among others, ML and virtual currencies, and ML and terrorist financing in the context of professional services. Moreover, the Annual Report outlines that the main strategic priorities of FIU are the detection of large-scale ML schemes, the freezing of laundering proceeds, and the drafting of materials that facilitate effective pre-trial investigation. ","['Anti-money Laundering', 'Data Processing', 'Financial Services', 'Terrorism', 'Virtual Currency']"
82,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/international-singapore-and-australia-sign-digital-economy-agreement,International: Singapore and Australia sign digital economy agreement," The Ministry of Communications and Information announced, on 6 August 2020, that Singapore's Minister for Trade and Industry, Chan Chun Sing, and Australia's Minister for Trade, Tourism and Investment, Simon Birmingham, had signed the Singapore-Australia Digital Economy Agreement ('SADEA'). In particular, the SADEA aims to enable trusted cross-border data flows while avoiding requirements such as data localisation, but still protecting consumers' privacy and businesses' proprietary information.  Furthermore, Sing stated that, 'the SADEA will facilitate digitalisation of trade processes and make it easier and more cost-effective for Singapore companies to engage in cross border business activities with Australia. As COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') forces businesses to consider innovative ways to reach customers and adapt to a new way of doing business, agreements like the SADEA will allow our companies to take advantage of opportunities in the digital economy and tap on new technologies to create new digital products and services.' ","['Data Localisation', 'Data Sharing', 'Data Transfer', 'Health | Pharmaceutical']"
83,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/spain-aepd-fines-vodafone-espa%C3%B1a-%E2%82%AC60000-acting-clients-behalf-without-their-consent,"Spain: AEPD fines Vodafone España €60,000 for acting on clients behalf without their consent"," The Spanish data protection authority ('AEPD') published, on 4 August 2020, a decision ('the Decision') in proceedings PS/00009/2020, fining Vodafone España, SAU €60,000 for violating Article 6 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the AEPD noted that the claimant alleged that they had received a message from Vodafone España thanking them for a purchase that they did not recognise and that was made in a store of which they were a customer. Futhermore, the purchase was made using the claimants personal and banking details to obtain prepaid Lycamobile cards. Moreover, as Vodafone España agreed to a voluntary payment, the fine was reduced to €48,000. ","['Consent', 'Enforcement', 'Penalties', 'Telecommunications']"
84,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/eu-commission-launches-investigation-googles-acquisition-fitbit,EU: Commission launches investigation into Google's acquisition of Fitbit," The European Commission ('the Commission') announced, on 4 August 2020, that it has launched an in-depth investigation into Google LLC's proposed acquisition of Fitbit Inc. In particular, the Commission highlighted its concern that the proposed transaction will further strengthen Google's market position in the online advertising markets by increasing the amount of data that Google could use for personalisation of the ads it displays. In light of this, the Commission noted that the data advantage afforded to Google through this transaction would increase the barriers to entry and expansion for Google's competitors in the online advertising market. In addition, the Commission stated that it has 90 days until 9 December 2020 to make a decision. ","['Accountability', 'Internet of Things', 'Investigations', 'Medical Data', 'Mergers and Acquisitions', 'Wearable Computing']"
85,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/mexico-inai-issues-statement-creation-working-group-digital-commerce,Mexico: INAI issues statement on creation of working group on digital commerce," The Institute of Transparency and Access to Information ('INAI') announced, on 25 July 2020, its participation in the creation of the Working Group Intersecretary on Digital Commerce ('the Group'), convened by the Ministry of Economy. In particular, the Group is established to follow up on commitments in relation to Chapter 19 of the United States Mexico Canada Agreement which recently entered into force on 1 July 2020. Furthermore, the INAI noted that the Group discussed the importance of the right of the protection of personal data as a key factor in the development of digital commerce. Moreover, the Group discussed economic competitiveness to boost cooperation on cybersecurity and the critical role the INAI will have in the development of digital commerce. ","['Cybersecurity', 'Internet', 'Personal Data', 'Risk Management']"
86,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/finland-sanctions-chamber-ombudsman-fines-independent-consulting-oy-%E2%82%AC7000-direct-electronic,"Finland: Sanctions Chamber of the Ombudsman fines Independent Consulting Oy €7,000 for direct electronic marketing without prior consent and for non-compliance with data subject's rights"," The Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman ('the Ombudsman') announced, on 05 August 2020, that the Sanctions Chamber of the Ombudsman ('the Sanctions Chamber'), had issued a decision ('the Decision') in which it had fined Independent Consulting Oy (Acc Consulting Varsinais-Suomi) €7,000 for sending electronic direct marketing messages without prior consent and for non-compliance with the data subject rights. In particular, the Decision relates to 11 complaints received by the Ombudsman relating to the company's direct electronic marketing and non-exercise of data subject rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In addition, the Sanctions Chamber held that the company could not rely on the defence that it had conducted targeted electronic direct marketing to entities which do not require consent under the Act on Electronic Communications Services (917/2014), as the company had not conducted any assessments prior to the marketing considering, among other things, the recipient's job.  Moreover, the Decision notes that some of the complaints concerned the fact that data subjects had made requests to the controller for their rights under the GDPR and that the controller had not responded to the requests as required without undue delay and within a maximum of one month of receipt of the request. In addition, the Decision highlights that the controller did not appear to have organised its procedures for processing personal data in such a way that it can indicate whether it had exercised the data subjects' rights or received requests for rights and that therefore was unable to demonstrate that it had processed personal data lawfully.  Lastly, the Decision outlines that the Deputy Ombudsman of the Office also obliges the controller to rectify its conduct with regard to direct marketing and has ordered the company to change its practices and exercise the data subject's rights in accordance with the GDPR. ","['Accountability', 'Consent', 'Data Subject Rights']"
87,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/new-zealand-dia-confirms-development-digital-identity-trust-framework,New Zealand: DIA confirms development of Digital Identity Trust Framework," The Department of Internal Affairs ('DIA') announced, on 5 August 2020, the development of a Digital Identity Trust Framework ('the Framework') in legislation. In particular, the DIA highlighted that it will develop an interim framework, which will enable the Framework rules to be developed and tested with digital identity providers, while the legislation is being drafted. Furthermore, the DIA noted that the legislation will enable providers to be accredited against the Framework rules, which will be based on existing and developing standards and will support the development of security, privacy-enhancing, and interoperable approaches to digital identity services.  The legislation is scheduled to be introduced in 2021. ","['Certification', 'Data Security', 'Identification']"
88,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/france-cnil-imposes-%E2%82%AC250000-fine-spartoo-multiple-gdpr-violations-including-data-minimisation,"France: CNIL imposes €250,000 fine on Spartoo for multiple GDPR violations, including data minimisation and retention"," The French data protection authority ('CNIL') announced, on 5 August 2020, its decision ('the Decision') issued on 28 July 2020 to impose a €250,000 fine on Spartoo SAS for violating multiple provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Decision outlines that Spartoo breached the principle of data minimisation under Article 5(1)(c) of the GDPR, retained the data for longer than was necessary under Article 5(1)(e) of the GDPR, as well as failed to abide by the obligation to inform under Article 13 of the GDPR, and to take adequate measures to ensure the security of data as required by Article 32 of the GDPR. More specifically, in light of the purposes of processing data for employee training and fraud prevention, CNIL considered that the permanent recording of telephone calls with customer service employees, the recording of customer bank details, and the collection of customers' health cards were excessive and, thus, contrary to data minimisation.  In addition, CNIL found that the Spartoo had not set up a retention period for customer and prospect data, and also did not regularly erase and archive personal data. Moreover, CNIL held that retaining, for a period exceeding five years, names and passwords in a non-anonymised form to enable customers to re-use their account contradicted Article 5(1)(e) of the GDPR. Moreover, CNIL held that customers were misinformed about the legal bases for the data processing and that employees had not been adequately informed about the purpose behind the processing, the recipients of the data, the data retention period, and their rights, which meant that Spartoo breached its obligation to provide information under Article 13 of the GPDR. Lastly, CNIL noted that Spartoo had not used adequately strong passwords for accessing customer accounts and, thus, failed to ensure the security of data processed by the company as required by Article 32 of the GDPR.  Therefore, CNIL, also taking into account the three million clients and 25 million prospects affected, as well as the retention of bank data, imposed a €250,000 fine on Spartoo and asked that it brings its processing in conformity with the GDPR within three months of the notification of the Decision. ","['Data Minimisation', 'Data Retention', 'Data Subject', 'Employment', 'GDPR', 'Telecommunications']"
89,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-walgreens-notifies-ocr-data-security-incident,USA: Walgreens notifies OCR of data security incident," Walgreens Co. notified, on 24 July 2020, the Department of Health and Human Services' Office of Civil Rights ('OCR') of a data security incident involving 72,143 potential victims. In particular, in a data breach notification letter ('the Notification Letter') submitted to the California Office of the Attorney General, Walgreens notes that, on 15 January 2020, an error was discovered in the Walgreens mobile app personal secure feature. An investigation found that an internal application error allowed certain personal messages from Walgreens that are stored in a database to be viewable by other customers using the Walgreens mobile app. Finally, the Notification Letter states that the investigation determined that the information that may have been viewed includes first and last names, prescription number and drug name, and store number. ","['Breach Notification', 'Customer Data', 'Data Breach', 'Data Security', 'Health | Pharmaceutical']"
90,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/new-zealand-opcnz-announces-inquiry-coronavirus-data-breach,New Zealand: OPCNZ announces inquiry into Coronavirus data breach," The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of New Zealand ('OPCNZ') announced, on 5 August 2020, that it will be undertaking an inquiry into the distribution of COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') patient information by the Ministry of Health, following a recent investigation into the breach. In particular, the OPCNZ highlighted that it expects to be able to publicly report the findings and recommendations of the inquiry in early September. ","['Data Breach', 'Disclosure', 'Health | Pharmaceutical', 'Investigations']"
91,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/bosnia-herzegovina-azlp-publishes-2019-annual-report-calls-legislative-alignment-gdpr,"Bosnia & Herzegovina: AZLP publishes 2019 annual report, calls for legislative alignment with GDPR"," The Agency for Personal Data Protection in Bosnia and Herzegovina ('AZLP') published, on 4 August 2020, its 2019 annual report ('the Report'). In particular, the Report outlines that the Law on the Protection of Personal Data No. 49/06 should be brought in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (‘GDPR’). Furthermore, the Report highlights that the AZLP had completed 16 investigations, received 133 complaints, of which 94 were resolved, issued 25 misdemeanour warrants, and carried out no audit inspections. In addition, the Report outlines that the AZLP issued its opinion on matters including video surveillance, direct marketing, internal data transfers, and the application of the GDPR. Moreover, the Report notes that a total of 837 data controllers were now included in the main register, which records basic information about data controllers and their personal data collection activities, and that a total of 4438 personal data collections had been entered. ","['Annual Report', 'GDPR', 'Investigations', 'Legal Reform', 'Supervisory Authority']"
92,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/south-korea-pipc-inaugurates-chairperson-and-committee-new-functions-following-enforcement-data,South Korea: PIPC inaugurates chairperson and committee for new functions following enforcement of the Data 3 Act," The Personal Information Protection Committee ('PIPC') inaugurated, on 5 August 2020, a chairperson, Yoon Jong-in, to lead following the new revisions (collectively, 'the Data 3 Act') to the Personal Information Protection Act 2011 ('PIPA'), the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection 2001 ('ICNA'), and the Credit Information Use and Protection Act 2008 ('the Credit Act'). In particular, Yoon Jong-in expressed in his speech that the PIPC will focus on three core values, innovation, professionalism, and communication in data protection and privacy. Furthermore, the PIPC has further appointed seven non-executives to its committee to enable integrated supervision on data protection issues. ","['Legal Reform', 'Supervisory Authority']"
93,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/canada-opc-concludes-investigation-td-canada-trust-privacy-practices-finds-td-canada-trust,"Canada: OPC concludes investigation into TD Canada Trust privacy practices, finds TD Canada Trust compliant with legal privacy requirements"," The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada ('OPC') issued, on 4 August 2020, its report of findings ('the Findings') following its investigation into a complaint of TD Canada Trusts' decision to outsource the processing of fraud claims to a third-party service provider. In particular, the Findings note that the complaint highlighted TD's decision to outsource aspects of its fraud claims processing services to a third-party service provider in India and that TD did not obtain consent for, or allow customers to opt-out of, the transfer of personal information to a service provider in a foreign jurisdiction.  In this respect, the Findings outline that the third-party service provider was using TD customers' information to manage fraud claims for TD and that TD was not required to obtain separate consent for or to provide customers the choice to opt-out of, the transfer of personal information to the third-party service provider for that same purpose. In addition, the Findings highlight that TD was sufficiently open about this transfer, provided customers with information pertaining to its transfers, and also made this information available through its privacy resources, as well as had been accountable with respect to the information it transferred and ensured a comparable level of protection for that information. As such, the Findings conclude that the complaint was not well-founded and that TD had met its requirements under Canada's federal private sector privacy legislation. ","['Compliance', 'Consent', 'Data Security', 'Data Transfer', 'Financial Services', 'Investigations', 'Opt-in/out', 'Third Parties']"
94,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/international-un-special-rapporteur-announces-call-contributions-privacy-and-children,International: UN Special Rapporteur announces call for contributions on privacy and children," The United Nations Human Rights Office of the High Commissioner Special Rapporteur on the Right to Privacy announced, on 31 July 2020, a call for contributions examining the privacy rights of children and how this right interacts with the interests of other actors as the child develops the capacity for autonomy. In particular, the Special Rapporteur outlined that the submissions should relate to privacy rights of children and their autonomy in any of the following or relevant areas, including online and offline in the social, recreational, educational, justice, and health spheres, strengths and challenges of 'age-based' and 'age-verification' approaches, and governmental or other structures, including regulatory arrangements, established to advance the human rights of the child.  Contributions may be submitted to [email protected] by 30 September 2020. ","['Children', 'Research']"
95,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/indonesia-kominfo-asks-kreditplus-submit-clarification-response-alleged-data-breach,Indonesia: Kominfo asks KreditPlus to submit clarification in response to alleged data breach," The Ministry of Communication and Information Technology ('Kominfo') announced, on 4 August 2020, that it had asked the digital platform KreditPlus to provide clarification and reports in response to an alleged data breach that resulted in customer data leaks. In particular, Kominfo notes that, as an electronic system provider, KreditPlus has the obligation to meet personal data protection standards set out in Governmental Regulation No. 71 of 2019 regarding the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and requested that KreditPlus take the necessary steps to ensure the safety of user data. In addition, Kominfo emphasised the need for the public to maintain the security of their respective accounts, and advised users to, among other things, routinely change passwords. ","['Apps', 'Confidentiality', 'Customer Data', 'Data Breach', 'Data Security']"
96,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-epic-letter-senate-commerce-committee-calls-creation-federal-data-protection-agency,USA: EPIC letter to Senate Commerce Committee calls for creation of federal data protection agency," The Electronic Privacy Information Center ('EPIC') sent, on 4 August 2020, a letter ('the Letter') to the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation ('the Senate Commerce Committee') Chairman Roger Wicker and Ranking Member Maria Cantwell, ahead of the Senate Commerce Committee's oversight hearing of the Federal Trade Commission ('FTC'), scheduled for 5 August 2020. In particular, the Letter outlines the view that the FTC does not function as an effective privacy agency and that the U.S. Congress should establish an independent data protection agency, with the Senate Commerce Committee instead scheduling a hearing on Senate Bill 3300 to establish a Federal data protection agency. Specifically, the Letter notes three key points for the Senate Commerce Committee's consideration in this respect, highlighting the FTC's failure to stop mergers that threaten consumer privacy, the FTC's failure to establish data protection standards as it cannot enforce its own consent orders, and the general need for a US data protection agency because of the lacking authority and expertise of the FTC. ","['Compliance', 'Enforcement', 'Supervisory Authority']"
97,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-senators-introduce-federal-biometric-privacy-bill,USA: Senators introduce federal biometric privacy bill," Senator Jeff Merkley announced, on 4 August 2020, along with Senator Bernie Sanders, that they have introduced a bill for the National Biometric Information Privacy Act of 2020 ('the Bill'). In particular, the Bill would require all private organisations to make available to the public a written policy establishing a retention schedule and guidelines for the destruction of biometric information, establishing limitations on the collection, purchase, or sharing of a person or customer's biometric information without obtaining prior opt-in consent. Furthermore, the Bill mandates that organisations must have proper safeguards in place, a reasonable standard of care when in possession of biometric information, and provide individuals with the right to know any such information relating to their biometric information. Finally, the Bill outlines that any individual aggrieved by a violation of the Bill may bring a civil action in court, in addition to the state Attorney's General ability to bring a lawsuit on behalf of residents of such states. ","['Biometric Data', 'Data Security', 'Facial Recognition', 'Legal Reform']"
98,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/france-cnil-publishes-notice-its-management-bcr-approval-requests,France: CNIL publishes notice on its management of BCR approval requests," The French data protection authority ('CNIL') published, on 31 July 2020, a notice ('the Notice') on its management of requests for approval of Binding Corporate Rules ('BCRs'). In particular, the Guidance outlines, among other things, the purpose of data processing, which falls under the exercise of the duties of CNIL as a public authority, the categories of data processed, the data subjects, and the data retention period. More specifically, in relation to the categories of data processed, CNIL specifies that, for the purposes of managing requests related to BCRs, it is mandatory to collect some information, including the identification of the person making the request, and the name of their organisation. In addition, in relation to data recipients, the Guidance specifies that there will be no transfers of data outside of the EU and that the recipients concerned include data controllers, sub-processors, or any third parties concerned by the request, as well as CNIL members and staff responsible for processing files. Moreover, the Guidance states that the data collected will be kept for 10 years after the response to the request. ","['Binding Corporate Rules', 'Data Retention', 'Data Transfer', 'Supervisory Authority']"
99,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/denmark-datatilsynet-fines-privatbo-dkk-150000-and-reports-it-police-violating-article-32-gdpr,"Denmark: Datatilsynet fines PrivatBo DKK 150,000 and reports it to the police for violating Article 32 of the GDPR"," The Danish data protection authority ('Datatilsynet') announced, on 4 August 2020, that it had fined PrivatBo AmbA DKK 150,000 (approx. €20,100) and reported it to the police after it had transferred tenants' confidential information and therefore not implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures in violation of Article 32 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'). In particular, the Datatilsynet noted that PrivatBo, a management company, assisted a housing fund with the intended sale of three properties, and that PrivatBo had provided material for the properties in question, which was distributed to the occupants of the properties in a total of 424 USB keys. However, PrivatBo was not aware that for some of the leases handed out, documents were attached which contained personal data of a confidential nature and which should not have been disclosed. Therefore, the Datatilsynet chose to report PrivatBo to the police for the unintentional transfer of personal information that took place as part of the handing over of the 424 USB keys.  In addition, the Datatilsynet found grounds for expressing serious criticism that PrivatBo subsequently, in connection with the same offer obligation, unintentionally distributed information relating to outstanding deposits and prepaid rent, and in some cases information on disbursements in deposits, to residents in a property other than that which was subject to the obligation in question. The unintentional disclosure of this information occurred despite the fact that PrivatBo had hired an external auditing company. ","['Disclosure', 'Enforcement', 'GDPR', 'Penalties', 'Security Incident']"
100,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/kosovo-aip-issues-statement-processing-personal-data-during-coronavirus-pandemic-emphasises,"Kosovo: AIP issues statement on processing of personal data during Coronavirus pandemic, emphasises role of health institutions"," The Information and Privacy Agency ('AIP') issued, on 15 July 2020, a statement on the processing of personal data during the COVID-19 ('Coronavirus') pandemic, with an emphasis on health institutions as data controllers. In particular, in light of the proposals for publicising information about people infected with Coronavirus, the AIP highlighted that any exchange of such information must comply with Law No. 06/L-082 on Personal Data Protection ('the Law') given the sensitive nature of the information, which includes health data. In addition, the AIP noted that medical staff should share the data of patients infected, or suspected of being infected, with health authorities and people responsible for Coronavirus prevention, as well as highlighting that the publication of the names or other personal data of those affected by Coronavirus contradicts the Law. ","['Data Controller', 'Health | Pharmaceutical', 'Sensitive Personal Data', 'Supervisory Authority']"
101,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/ukraine-nbu-applies-sanctions-violations-financial-monitoring-legislation-following-inspections,Ukraine: NBU applies sanctions for violations of financial monitoring legislation following inspections on AML/CFT," The National Bank of Ukraine ('NBU') announced, on 3 August 2020, that it had applied sanctions to six banks and one non-financial institution for violations of financial monitoring legislation following inspections on anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing ('AML/CFT'), as well as financing for the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. In particular, the NBU noted that the sanction included, written warnings and penalties of up to UAH 5 million (approx. €152, 200) for among other things, failure to properly analyse the financial transactions of customers, improper operation of the internal banking system AML/CFT systems, and failure to ensure proper risk management in activities. ","['Anti-money Laundering', 'Enforcement', 'Penalties', 'Terrorism']"
102,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/poland-uodo-and-pro-sign-agreement-mutual-cooperation-support-each-other-implementation-their,Poland: UODO and PRO sign agreement on mutual cooperation to support each other in the implementation of their statutory tasks," The Polish data protection authority ('UODO') announced, on 21 July 2020, that it had signed an agreement ('the Agreement') on mutual cooperation with the Patient Rights Ombudsman ('PRO'). In particular, the UODO stated that this cooperation aims, among other things, to provide for the exchange of information in areas related to the implementation of the statutory tasks of both entities, to allow better protection of patients by building appropriate awareness among both patients and data controllers, and to create conditions under which cooperation will be properly organised and supervised by both authorities. ","['Health | Pharmaceutical', 'Supervisory Authority']"
103,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/austria-noyb-issues-complaint-against-crif-violating-right-information-data-correctness-and,"Austria: NOYB issues complaint against CRIF for violating right to information, data correctness, and transparency"," The None of your business–European Center for Digital Rights ('NOYB') announced, on 4 August 2020, that it had issued a complaint ('the Complaint') with the Austrian data protection authority ('DSB') against the credit rating agency CRIF GmbH, which is active in 28 states, for violating the right to information, data correctness, and transparency in a proceeding regarding the negative rating of an applicant for an electricity contract. In particular, NOYB held that the application for an electricity contract had been rejected by the energy provider based on an insufficient credit check based on an assessment conducted by CRIF. Furthermore, NOYB held that the rejected applicant had received a yellow rating and a scoring of 446 points by CRIF and that when asked to provide access to the applicant's information stored, CRIF responded that they no longer had any data on him. Moreover, CRIF held that it had not conducted a credit rating on the applicant and that the rejection of the energy contract was based on a decision taken by the energy provider.  Furthermore, NOYB held that the applicant found that CRIF had violated his right to information under Article 15 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR') because CRIF only provided incomplete data, contrary to the principle of data correctness under Article 5(1)(d) of the GDPR, as CRIF transferred (potentially invented) incorrect data to the energy provider. In addition, NOYB highlighted that CRIF had violated the principle of transparency under Article 5(1)(a) of the GDPR.  Finally, NOYB announced that the Complaint is the first step in its mission to examine credit rating agencies in Europe over the next months and years and to conduct proceedings under the GDPR in relevant cases. ","['Credit', 'Data Processing', 'Data Subject Rights', 'Financial Data', 'GDPR', 'Supervisory Authority']"
104,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/india-npci-issues-statement-cybersecurity-defence-and-data-privacy,India: NPCI issues statement on cybersecurity defence and data privacy," The National Payments Corporation of India ('NPCI') issued, on 31 July 2020, a statement on cybersecurity defence and data privacy. In particular, the NPCI noted that it invests in people, process, and technologies required to safeguard the IT infrastructure, information generated by them, and the digital identities that access such information to remain safe and secured by deploying state-of-the-art technologies for protection and monitoring. In addition, the NPCI highlighted the importance of security practices including secured software coding, regular internal audits, continuous vulnerability assessment and penetration testing, third-party audits, and surprise cubersecurity drills. Moreover, the NPCI noted that it has adopted its Security Framework in line with the National Institute of Standards and Technology ('NIST') Cybersecurity Framework and Payment Card Industry ('PCI') Data Security Standard. ","['Cybersecurity', 'Data Security', 'Financial Data', 'Financial Services', 'Payments Services', 'Risk Management']"
105,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/international-pcpd-and-ico-sign-mou-regulatory-enforcement-and-research-cooperation-regarding,"International: PCPD and ICO sign MoU on regulatory, enforcement, and research cooperation regarding citizens data risks"," The Office of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data ('PCPD') announced, on 2 August 2020, that it had signed, on 29 July 2020, a memorandum of understanding ('MoU') with the United Kingdom's Information Commissioner's Office ('ICO') on regulatory, enforcement, and research cooperation to protect the fundamental rights of citizens of the UK and Hong Kong in data based economies. In particular, the PCPD clarified that the MoU covers a wide range of activities including cooperation requirements by the two data protection authorities in the event of cross border personal data incidents, and confidential information sharing where appropriate and lawful to do so for conducting inspections, handling complaints, and initiating investigations. The ICO's Commissioner, Elizabeth Denham, noted '[the] MoU will demonstrate to the outside world that the UK and Hong Kong data protection authorities will work together where necessary when [their] citizens' data is at risk.' ","['Investigations', 'Risk Management', 'Supervisory Authority']"
106,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/romania-emergency-ordinance-amending-nis-directive-implementing-law-published,Romania: Emergency ordinance amending NIS Directive implementing law published," The Emergency Ordinance No. 119 of 22 July 2020 ('the Emergency Ordinance') for the amendment of Law No. 362/2018 on Ensuring a High Common Level of Security of Networks and Information Systems of 9 January 2019 ('the Law') was published, on 24 July 2020, in the Official Gazette with the National Cybersecurity Response Centre ('CERT-RO') making a statement on the same. In particular, the Emergency Ordinance amends the Law which had implemented the Directive on Security Network and Information Systems (Directive (EU) 2016/1148) ('the NIS Directive'), as well as focusing on the functions of CERT-RO and the Interinstitutional Working Group for the Determination of the Threshold Values ​​Necessary for Determining the Significant Disruptive Effect of Incidents at the Networks and Computer Systems for essential service operators ('GdLINIS'). In addition, CERT-RO highlighted that the Emergency Ordinance has introduced an important amendment by providing for GdLINIS' role in determining the threshold values ​​necessary to establish the disruptive effect of incidents affecting networks and IT systems of essential service operators. Finally, CERT-RO noted that the adoption of the Emergency Ordinance is essential in furthering the implementation of the provisions of the NIS Directive in Romania. ","['Critical Infrastructure', 'Cybersecurity', 'Information Technology', 'Legal Reform', 'Security Incident']"
107,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/poland-uodo-issues-statement-state-organisations-right-access-employees-personal-data-when,"Poland: UODO issues statement on state organisations' right to access employees' personal data when carrying out inspections in companies, highlights GDPR compliance"," The Polish data protection authority ('UODO') issued, on 3 August 2020, a statement on the right of state organisations to access employees' personal data when carrying out inspections in companies within their statutory powers. In particular, the UODO gave two examples of state organisations, namely the Social Insurance Institution ('ZUS') and the National Labour Inspectorate ('PIP') and stated that these are permitted, pursuant to national legislation and Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ('GDPR'), to examine all books, financial, accounting, and personal documents, as well as other information relevant to the scope of the inspection. Therefore, the UODO noted that when state organisations perform their tasks on the basis of their statutory powers, they cannot be refused access to the requested documents.  However, the UODO highlighted that such organisations must comply with the GDPR principles of proportionality, purpose limitation, and data minimisation. ","['Data Minimisation', 'Employee Records', 'Employment', 'GDPR', 'Proportionality', 'Public Sector']"
108,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/usa-senators-letter-ftc-urges-investigation-adtech-industry-data-collection-and-selling,USA: Senators' letter to FTC urges investigation into adtech industry data collection and selling practices," U.S. Senator, Ron Wyden, announced, on 31 July 2020, that he had sent, along with other U.S. Senators and Members of Congress, a letter ('the Letter') to the Federal Trade Commission ('FTC') urging it to investigate the practices of companies in the adtech industry. In particular, the Letter calls for the investigation of the adtech industry's selling of personal information through real-time bidding ('RTB'), in which personal information is collected without individuals' consent, including device identifiers and cookies or location data and IP addresses, and auctioned in order for individuals to then receive targeted advertising. In addition, the Letter notes that there is no effective way to control RTB infrastructure, individuals have not consented to be tracked and their information to be collected, and often technological roadblocks such as browser privacy settings or ad blockers are insufficient and circumvented by adtech companies. As such, the Letter urges the FTC to investigate the adtech industry practices and data brokers associated with such companies. ","['Consent', 'Cookies', 'Data Collection', 'Data Sharing', 'Direct Marketing', 'Geolocation']"
109,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/new-zealand-ncsc-releases-incident-management-guidance,New Zealand: NCSC releases incident management guidance," The National Cyber Security Centre ('NCSC') released, on 4 August 2020, its incident management guidance ('the Guidance'). In particular, the Guidance highlights the importance of developing and embedding a comprehensive incident management plan which focuses on continuous improvement and be a part of, or integrated with, a wider cybersecurity programme within the organisation. Furthermore, the Guidance outlines five key steps designed to assist organisations with managing and responding to cybersecurity incidents, including defining roles and responsibilities, identifying threats and assets, creating an incident management plan, logging and alerting incidents, as well as reporting progress. ","['Cybersecurity', 'Data Security', 'Procedure', 'Risk Management', 'Security Incident']"
110,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/south-korea-pipc-announces-launch-integrated-supervisory-organisation-personal-information,South Korea: PIPC announces launch of integrated supervisory organisation on personal information," The Personal Information Protection Commission ('PIPC') announced, on 4 August 2020, the launch of an integrated supervisory organisation on personal information matters following the new amendments to the Data 3 Act. In particular, the PIPC clarified that the personal information supervision function that was previously shared and delegated through different ministries, such as the Korea Communications Commission, the Financial Services Commission, and the Ministry of the Interior and Safety, will now be unified under one body. ","['Legal Reform', 'Supervisory Authority']"
111,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/singapore-pdpc-fines-mdis-corporation-sgd-10000-failing-put-place-reasonable-security,"Singapore: PDPC fines MDIS Corporation SGD 10,000 for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements"," The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') announced, on 3 August 2020, that it had fined the Management Development Institute of Singapore ('MDIS') Corporation Pte Ltd SGD 10,000 (approx. €6,190) for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to protect the personal data of individuals who had provided their information to MDIS Corporation for registration purposes. In particular, the PDPC highlighted that MDIS Corporation had breached Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012) ('PDPA') by failing to communicate any data protection requirements to its vendor or developer and to detect vulnerabilities prior to the launch of the website. Furthermore, the PDPC noted that while an organisation may delegate work to vendors in order to comply with the PDPA, an organisation's responsibility to comply with its obligations under the PDPA may not be delegated. ","['Data Breach', 'Data Security', 'Enforcement', 'Investigations', 'Penalties', 'Third Parties']"
112,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/singapore-pdpc-issues-warning-mcst-3400-failing-put-place-reasonable-security-arrangements,Singapore: PDPC issues warning to MCST 3400 for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements," The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') announced, on 3 August 2020, that is had issued a warning to Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No. 3400 (MCST 3400) for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent the unauthorised access of 562 individuals' personal data stored in an internal directory. In particular, the PDPC noted that MCST 3400 failed to comply with Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012) requiring organisations to protect personal data in their possession or under their control by taking reasonable security steps to prevent, among other things, unauthorised access, collection, use, or disclosure. In addition, the PDPC noted that organisations should, among other things, conduct pre-launch testing before new IT features or changes to IT systems are deployed, periodic security reviews, and up-to-date online vulnerability scanning. Moreover, the PDPC highlighted the importance for organisations to be aware of and track their personal data assets through registers. ","['Access', 'Data Breach', 'Data Security', 'Disclosure', 'Enforcement', 'Investigations']"
113,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/singapore-pdpc-issues-warning-fwd-singapore-failure-put-place-reasonable-security-arrangements,Singapore: PDPC issues warning to FWD Singapore for failure to put in place reasonable security arrangements," The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') issued, on 3 August 2020, a warning to FWD Singapore Pte Ltd for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent the unauthorised disclosure of 71 individuals' personal data contained in payment advice letters which were sent to incorrect recipients in breach of Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012). In particular, the PDPC noted that the unauthorised disclosure arose from a logical error which FWD Singapore should have taken care to avoid by conducting its manual code review and unit testing. Moreover, the PDPC highlighted that it had not issued any direction to FWD Singapore as they have implemented steps to improve their development processes to prevent the recurrence of such an incident. ","['Data Breach', 'Data Security', 'Disclosure', 'Enforcement', 'Investigations']"
114,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/singapore-pdpc-fines-central-depository-sgd-32000-failing-put-place-reasonable-security,"Singapore: PDPC fines Central Depository SGD 32,000 for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements"," The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') announced, on 3 August 2020, that it had fined the Central Depository (Pte) Limited SGD 32,000 (approx. €19,821) for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent the unauthorised disclosure of individuals' personal data in breach of Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012). In particular, the PDPC highlighted that dividend cheques of some account holders had been mailed to outdated addresses, resulting in the unauthorised disclosure of personal data. Furthermore, the PDPC found that the Central Depository had failed to conduct sufficient testing before migrating from one mailing system to another resulting, in a risk of fraud and financial loss. ","['Access', 'Data Security', 'Disclosure', 'Enforcement', 'Financial Data', 'Financial Services', 'Investigations', 'Penalties']"
115,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/singapore-pdpc-issues-warning-actstitude-failure-put-place-security-measures-avoid-unauthorised,Singapore: PDPC issues warning to Actstitude for failure to put in place security measures to avoid unauthorised access," The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') announced, on 3 August 2020, that it had issued a warning ('the Warning') to Actstitude Pte Ltd for failure to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent unauthorised disclosure of 160 individuals' personal data in breach of Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012). In particular, the Warning notes that Actstitude did not conduct wulnerability scanning as part of pre-lauchin testing of their website, and did not conduct periodic security reviews. Moreover, the Warning notes that the failure to put it place access controls or to conduct security testing resulted in, among other things, Google's website indexing and disclosing the resumes for search containing the names of the individuals, which led to a complaing to the PDPC on 25 October 2019. ","['Access', 'Data Breach', 'Disclosure', 'Employment', 'Enforcement', 'Investigations']"
116,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/singapore-pdpc-issues-warning-jean-yip-salon-failing-put-place-reasonable-security-arrangements,Singapore: PDPC issues warning to Jean Yip Salon for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements," The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') announced, on 3 August 2020, that it had issued a warning to Jean Yip Salon Pte Ltd for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent the unauthorised disclosure of personal data of 28 of its employees in breach of Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012). In particular, the PDPC highlighted that Jean Yip Salon had opened public access to a server without ascertaining what it hosted, and therefore had inadvertently allowed access to the internal system. Furthermore, the PDPC found that there were no processes in place to remove or deactivate unnecessary user accounts and that Jean Yip Salon did not enforce a password policy for user accounts. ","['Access', 'Data Breach', 'Data Security', 'Disclosure', 'Enforcement', 'Investigations']"
117,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/singapore-pdpc-issues-warning-zero1-and-ip-tribe-failure-put-place-reasonable-security,Singapore: PDPC issues warning to Zero1 and IP Tribe for failure to put in place reasonable security arrangements," The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') issued, on 3 August 2020, a warning to Zero1 Pte Ltd and IP Tribe Pte Ltd for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent the unauthorised disclosure of 118 individuals' personal data contained in invoices which were sent to incorrect recipients in breach of Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012). In particular, the PDPC noted that information including name, address, subscriber ID, and mobile numbers were disclosed. Finally, the PDPC highlighted that it had not issued any direction to Zero1 and IP Tribe as they have taken remedial actions to address the gaps in their security arrangements. ","['Access', 'Data Breach', 'Disclosure', 'Enforcement', 'Investigations']"
118,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/singapore-pdpc-fines-singapore-accountancy-commission-sgd-5000-failing-put-place-reasonable,"Singapore: PDPC fines Singapore Accountancy Commission SGD 5,000 for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements"," The Personal Data Protection Commission ('PDPC') announced, on 3 August 2020, that it had fined the Singapore Accountancy Commission SGD 5,000 (approx. €3,097) for failing to put in place reasonable security arrangements to prevent the unauthorised access of 6,541 personnel and candidates' personal data in breach of Section 24 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012). In particular, the PDPC noted that information including names, National Registration Identification Card numbers, dates of birth, contact details, education, and employment information, as well as exam results had been sent to 41 unintended recipients between 12 June 2019 and 22 October 2019. ","['Access', 'Data Breach', 'Data Security', 'Education', 'Email', 'Enforcement', 'Investigations', 'Penalties']"
119,https://www.dataguidance.com/news/new-zealand-opcnz-releases-statement-impact-recent-decisions-regarding-definition-personal,New Zealand: OPCNZ releases statement on impact of recent decisions regarding definition of personal information," The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of New Zealand ('OPCNZ') released, on 3 August 2020, a blog post addressing the definition of personal information under the Privacy Act 1993 ('the Act') in light of recent decisions considered by the Human Rights Review Tribunal and the High Court of New Zealand. In particular, the OPCNZ highlighted that in Taylor v Chief Executive of the Department of Corrections ([2018] NZHRRT 35, the High Court noted that Mr Taylor's personal information appeared on the same pages as the names of Corrections Officers which did not constitute personal information, and therefore did not need to be disclosed under the Act because it was essentially administrative information. Furthermore, the High Court clarified that the information regarding the Corrections Officers did not automatically become Mr Taylor's information, it appeared on the same page as his personal information because it was still possible to distinguish and redact their names from the personal information about Mr Taylor without making the substantive content of the documents unintelligible. As such, the OPCNZ highlighted that when deciding whether third party information can be treated as 'mixed information,' an agency should consider whether the information is 'essentially administrative' and if the redactions of information would render the communications unintelligible. In addition, the OPCNZ confirmed that if an agency determines that the names or details of another individual are not the personal information of the requester, then the agency should not assess or withhold this information under the Act. ","['Access', 'Data Subject Rights', 'Personal Data', 'Supervisory Authority']"
